Seeing Jennifer Hudson's snot continue to glisten over her lips, refusing to be wiped away, made me Google, "Can you lose an Oscar?"
The best thing here is that it's at least under two hours. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is a triple-decker weirdburger from the twitching ears to the too-long tails that make the ensemble look like lemurs.
I struggled throughout the movie to not fall asleep. [Full Review in Spanish]
The star power likely won't save this non-Jellicle movie of 2019. A theatrical powerhouse, CATS didn't translate well from theater to film. The songs were great, but the actors struggled to find an objective with the absence of any storyline.
Cats' main sin... is that it is boring. [Full review in Spanish]
The CGI turns the kitsch of the original work into something more disturbing than entertaining. [Full Review in Spanish]
In The End: Cats is a CG horror of weird cat mutants dancing and singing nonsense in weird people-sized settings with no people. Run away.
As the minutes tick by clocking in almost two hours, Cats comes off as a mix of bizarre and boring.
Might as well have not existed, as far as I'm concerned. Does this movie have any redeeming qualities?
Just bad, a new rating...Tom Hooper was up for thirty-six hours straight, which means he was just losing his mind...too far gone...
After an hour of Cats I began to suspect the popcorn they fed us had been laced with a psychotropic drug.
It's Judi Dench as Old Deuteronomy and Ian McKellen as Gus the Theatre Cat who save the musical from mediocrity. Their voices aren't particularly strong, but their acting is the cat's pajamas.
What should be a delightfully quirky romp quickly turns into a nightmarish fever dream instead. The CGI descends to the depths of the uncanny valley.
This is inconsistent stuff, surely, but "Cats" is also rewarding enough in bursts of passion that make it a genuinely intriguing experience.
A feverish and cacophonic dream that intermittently licks your senses but it always scratches your brain. [Full review in Spanish]
While the performances are brilliant and the songs are great, the story isn't as strong as it could be.
It's cartoonish, a little surreal and, at least to this grumpy (cat) critic, altogether irresistible.
Brilliant music, well-choreographed songs and good production value couldn't save this one from sinking.
The movie "Cats" is-forgive the critical jargon-pretty good.
However amazing the trickery may be... the characters fall awkwardly into the crack between animal and human, and the plot, which requires them to sing and dance in competition with one another, is scarcely more convincing.
In it, Ian McKellan (winner of 6 Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony, a Golden Globe, a SAG Award, 4 Drama Desks, and 2 Critics' Choice Awards, a two-time Oscar and four-time BAFTA nominee) says the words 'meow, meow', while licking the back of his hand.
Sometimes a movie struts its awfulness with such glee that it almost becomes an enjoyably sadistic pleasure rather than a chore to watch.
Cats absolutely does commit to every choice it made. I would like to respect it for that, but the choices were bad.
There is fun to be had at this adaptation of the blockbuster stage production, and it's the holidays, so you might as well have it.
Cats is not for everyone, but it is definitely for me.
One of the biggest misfires I've ever seen on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
The filmmakers were so preoccupied with whether or not they could do a heavily CG version of Cats, they didn't stop to think if they should.
The longer I watched this two hour cinematic car crash, I could begin to see inspired shards of a what could have been a masterpiece in the twisted carnage flickering in that darkened theater.
The most shocking thing about Cats is that it's somehow worse than you imagined it could ever be.
Inscrutable and ignominious - a veritable cat-astrophe!
While it was a challenging musical to adapt to screen, Cats was a mess and I regret not drinking a lot before seeing it.
The problem with the film is that it shouldn't exist in the form that it does, and no single thing would have solved that.
You thought we stopped at cat-human hybrids? Oh no...nightmares. A nightmare that does not end for two hours.
There will be people, fans of the musical, that will both give them what they want and something new...so much of it plays, even in concept, to just loving cats and giving them personalities. If you have that sort of affection, you probably go with it.
It is a movie that never stops throwing 50 shades of WTF at you, but never once starts making sense.
For me, Cats was magical... It kept in songs I was sure would be cut and it was so boldly and confidently Cats that I had to respect it and I truly enjoyed each moment.
Whether you think the imagery is beautiful or nightmarish, this is a film that demands to be looked at.
It's a brave attempt to do something new, but the result is a movie that will draw an audience simply because it's such a colossal misfire. And whether you think it's good or bad, the film is packed with unforgettable moments.
I can say with all sincerity that upon finally meeting Cats face to face, somewhere past the introduction of the wayfaring Grizabella and the sage Old Deuteronomy, I was dazzled.
We will not see the likes of Cats again. Which, in a way is a shame. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I also hope that everyone goes to see it and that it wins Best Picture at the Oscars in 2020. Can't recommend it highly enough.
A surreal, disturbingly sexual, and profoundly disquieting experience. [Full review in Spanish]
Pussy galore, and quite the bore.
Hooper's surrealistic song-and-dance spectacle, steeped in joyous musical theatre lore and rich with the emotions of acceptance and forgiveness, is exactly what we need right now.
You need to suspend disbelief. Don't fight the visuals. Movies can be fantasies, and "Cats" is one heck of a fantasy. The film is better than the stage production because it's more expansive. The action is opened up. The singing is gorgeous.
A truly terrible 'Memory' that will haunt me for a thousand lifetimes.
The movie is outlandish and sexual and confusing. But that doesn't make it a bad movie. In fact, I'm going to call it a good movie.
It's just baffling and yet it must be seen... It's bad, but you've got to experience it.
It's not the film-making that is wrong with Cats, it's the fact that the film even exists.
Whether or not you ultimately warm to the out-there story about a tribe of cats who hold an annual sing-off to decide which of them will ascend to a new life in the heavens, Hooper's CGI-live action hybrid is oddly bewitching.
Me as a teenager seeing Cats on Broadway: "This is terrible. Easily one of the dumbest, weirdest, most incoherent and pointless things I've ever seen." Tom Hooper's Cats movie: "Hold my beer."
The feline spectacle has a dadaist feel, and in its first hour, it is truly soporific. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's already been mentioned that the visual effects are not what will annoy you the most; however, that does not mean they are good. [Full review in Spanish]
A visual event of catastrophic proportions. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Cats] is one of those absurd and crazy movies that everyone wants to see because it guarantees a good time. [Full Review in Spanish]
The movie's slow pacing might put off most people.
And that is Cats' main failing - the hubris that assumes what works on stage works just as well on screen.
The movie IS bad - but not enough to be interesting (Hooper is incompetent even in his incompetence). The result is a stupid and aesthetically heinous bore. [Full review in Portuguese]
Anthropomorphic cats with uncanny valley, bad cat puns, and so many crotch shots-oh so many crotch shots...
Having a literal cat claw at my eyes for an hour and forty-nine minutes would have been less painful.
Furries rejoice! Tom Hooper and Universal have spent around ninety-five million dollars on your dream movie ... For the rest of us, the film is a clear misfire, misconceived and badly executed.
While it's far from being perfect, or even purr-fect, it certainly doesn't warrant the abuse that has been heaped upon it. At the very least, it deserves a chance.
For all of the star power on display, this is an indoor Cats: spayed, defanged and thoroughly domesticated.
It instils a Lovecraftian madness in the viewer, the silver screen becomes a billowing veil of darkness.
Tom Hooper's freakily phantasmagoric visualisation of an already strange West End smash is a high-wire act... And yet it never falls, sustaining a subtly hallucinatory, wholly theatrical reality.
You might still want to know if it's a good movie, but that is the wrong question. Cats is sui generis.
After two hours of the finished product, the animal-human hybrids redefine uncanny valley. It is hard to know where to look, or even create the desire to stare at Tom Hooper's godforsaken creation.
Cats' biggest problem is its director. [Full Review in Spanish]
While it is mostly jaw-dropping, there are still a few good moments, to be relished and savoured like a stinky five-day-old fish rescued by James Corden from a bin.
If you loved the play you will most probably love the movie. I abhorred the play so the movie didn't stand much of a chance. Still it was better than I expected (which wasn't much).
There are not enough redeeming qualities in this incoherent, disturbing and lifeless musical mess. [Full Review in Spanish]
How could anyone have hoped the film version would be a masterpiece when the stage musical it is based on is pretty dreadful?
If you're a fan of the musical, or a member of the cast, then by all means go see "CATS." If you're not a fan of musical theatre, go stand in line and see "Star Wars" again.
Cats has unfairly received withering criticism. If you liked the Broadway musical, you will like the film.
The Andrew Lloyd Webber musical, based on T.S. Elliot's wonderfully creative "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats," played on Broadway for 18 years despite not being very good. But it was fun in a way this big screen CATastrophe isn't.
As the trailer suggested, the enduring stage musical is a bad fit for the big screen.
Cats is a tortured fever dream of a film...the unholy offspring of a coked-up studio executive notes session and a dark ritual intended to summon forth the Elder Gods. We are all cursed. We are all damned. We are all Cats.
The definitive film adaptation of one of Broadway's most successful musicals.
A borderline unwatchable mishmash of poorly conceived musical numbers and incoherent storytelling.
Even Stewart's colorful sets, Weber's delightfully esoteric songs, and Blankenbuehler's beaming choreography aren't enough to sustain the interest of most who will go in knowing nothing.
More is less, but sure - let's go all in... looking like a remake of The Wizard of Oz as a 1980s interpretive-dance video on MTV where all the characters have been replaced by human-feline hybrids...
The movie is literally Caligula meets The Aristocats, something all cult film fans must see. It's not great by any means, but the bad movie fan in me loves it
Perhaps the least chill Broadway musical of all time
The star-struck Cats is a rare attainment and could well be the last of the film industry's industrial-scale caprices, a follicular folly down to molecular level.
Despite some clever additions to the stage musical, Tom Hooper's adaptation produces many bad, and bizarre, memories.
All of it seems quite alienating most of the time. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's like watching someone watching the movie, which is itself like watching cats dry.
I don't want to hear Memory again for a very long time. Miaow!
An incoherent pastiche that combines theater, film, and digital technology with virtually no skill. [Full Review in Spanish]
Every now and then a film comes along that requires a level of strength, courage and, indeed, patience, the likes of which I am simply unequipped for.
You feel like sitting Hooper down in front of a film musical - White Christmas, Singin' in the Rain, anything - and saying: "You see these bits in between the songs? That's called a 'movie'."
That this material seems incapable of articulating any reason for its existence may be its greatest fealty to the cruel and unknowable animal kingdom. Cats is stubbornly meaningless.
There's something uniquely fun about seeing the likes of Ian McKellen and Jennifer Hudson fully committing to their down-on-their-paws characters, a spirited sense of shared strangeness.
[Cats] manages to unearth an extra layer of awfulness and heap it upon the source material for a nightmarish affair that could do for felines what Jaws did for sharks.
If you are big fan of the musical, than Cats is a must-see for you. For the rest of us, it has some charming performances and good star power, but less visual effects dazzle than might be expected.
So, in conclusion, I say to Old Deut, you have not convinced me. I remain resistant to conversion. I am now and forever, a dog person. Hiss if you will, but to you I say, arf or maybe arf and one half.
Believe me when I say it more than lives up to the hype.
The film is an unholy melange of humans making cat moves - like head-nuzzling - and "cats" doing human things.
The worst thing about Cats - and I was forced to see two cat burglars sensually drape a string of pearls around the scruff of Hayward in the obvious foray to a cat threesome - is that it was made in the first place.
This is a film that reeks of misjudgment.
What is this movie?
Tom Hooper's Cats has potential but isn't quite there with the CGI and visuals to make this into a good movie just yet.
A film of unrelenting upbeat energy, so horrible that it's only really possible to react to it with a kind of delirious manic good cheer.
It lacks the depth of character and comprehensive world building needed to transcend its theatrical origins and become a complete movie with a fully realised narrative.
A complete and utter artistic failure, if also fascinating enough in its awfulness to likely endure as a perversely-admired cult classic. It could've been worse - it could've been boring.
You'll never forget it - though you will try.
Cats might be a mess, but it's a one-of-a-kind incredibly memorable mess (for better and for worse), and for all I know that's entirely by design.
Seemingly scooped out of the litter box, it's best viewed under the influence of catnip or some other hallucinogenic substance.
Where do you even start with Cats? Tom Hooper's big screen version of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical is unlike anything you've ever seen before, but not in a good way.
Cats is one of the worst movie musicals of all time, a stagnant mess from start to finish.
This is middlebrow film-making at its most hubristic; too inelegant to coast on spectacle alone, it's not subversive enough to be considered truly camp either.
It's one of those rare cinematic events that feels like a collective hallucination - improbable and entirely indescribable.
"Cats" is a Purr-fectly fun and truly entertaining film.
Cats is a punishment.
What, you may ask, the f***?
I hated this movie with every fiber of my being.
Once Rebel Wilson and James Corden's bits are out of the way it's easy to settle in and enjoy the beautiful music and choreography.
I spent most of Cats with my hands over my mouth, going "What is happening?"... I had a ton of fun with this.
Hooper and company have - yes, I'm going to say it - spit up a huge hairball with their Cats. Forgoing substance in favor of the cheap buzz of spectacle rarely ever works in film, and in this case, the spectacle doesn't even work.
Visually repulsive and not far behind on a sonic level.
Cats is a musical extravaganza that is toe-tapping, energetic and utterly endearing.
... a bewildering and curiously flat adaptation that will leave many moviegoers scratching their heads - or anything else their paws can reach.
Chiefly, a terrible, terrible movie.
A cat introduces themselves, sings about their one thing, Macavity shows up to be evil, rise and repeat for nearly two hours. That...that's honestly all there is to say.
So bad it's destined for a box of kitty litter.
In the hands of filmmaker Tom Hooper, he's turned this surreal concept concerning the meaning of life and death into something of a freak show.
Our best bet is to pack it into a crate lost deep within a warehouse next to all the other dangerous artifacts man was not meant to tamper with, before it kills us all.
If I should stoop to suggesting that the film is indeed a cat-astrophe, you can be assured that that's a better cat pun than any of those actually in the darn thing (and there are a bunch).
Artistically, it's a hairball. There's no story to speak of, Mr. Webber's music is immediately forgettable and, like a cat standing at an open door, it takes forever to get where it's going.
Recognize that it is spectacle, song and dance and emotion and cat-fancying, and eventually you'll get what director Tom Hooper was shooting for.
Some things shouldn't be tampered with. I enjoyed Cats onstage, where the theatrical experience worked its magic to great effect. The new film never swept me up as I hoped it might; for all its rich ingredients it felt like a souffl� that wouldn't rise
Cats takes an award winning musical and dilutes it in exchange for forgettable star studded performances.
Dazzlingly weird, but occasionally creepy...a phantasmagorical mongrel that fascinates even when it appalls.
I can't say for sure that all productions of Cats are bad (although I have a hunch) but I can certainly say that this one is.
This musical misfire sets a new low bar for adapting a Broadway hit.
What did cats ever do to the tech guys?
Lowlighted by Jennifer Hudson's dismal performance of 'Memory,' there is a magnificent ballet halfway through. That's the only good thing I can say about this film.
Cats is a jellicle disaster (I'm using that term about as well as the movie does). The actors appear to enjoy embarrassing themselves, but that's the only enjoyment derived from this musical hellscape.
The only performance that resonated with me was Ian McKellan's take on Gus the Theater Cat. His song about the good old days was a highlight, mainly because it reminded me of the good old days before I entered the theater to watch this horrible film.
Showgirls with fur.
The Cats movie did nothing for me except leave me with insane questions. Save yourself and your kids from jellicle nightmares, and skip this one. Meowy Christmas.
You will likely hate Cats, but you won't regret watching it. It's a bad studio movie for the ages - and when soulless Disney franchises and remakes are dominating the box office, we should embrace an unprecedented disaster like this while we can.
Cats. They're cats. They're furry and dance well. Cats. They're cats! Welcome to Cats hell.
If you have no prior familiarity with the wordy, purring absurdism of "Cats," it'll just hit harder, and you'll likely have a lot of questions.
I felt as though I was unable to wake up, slowly sinking deeper and deeper into madness. Once it's over, like a dream (or nightmare) you will struggle to recall a detail, but that sinking feeling will leave you nauseous.
The biggest weakness of the movie is that the characters look laughable. At worst, they resemble unsightly, horrifying cat/human hybrids.
Francesca, sweetie, I'm so sorry.
Cats is a testament to not everything should be translated to film.
[Tom] Hooper is a capable, creative director, but you'd never know it from the furball he's just coughed up on the screen.
Cats is not good. But the blame goes to the clumsy style of director Tom Hooper, not people wearing digital fur.
I so wanted to slam this movie, but then...
It is at times extremely entertaining, with some great performances, but it's also baffling, and the effects would appear to belie the price tag, in that it frequently looks just a bit too cheap.
I'll skip the obvious first question, which is just an incredulous "Why??" because I know the answer. It's the pervasive idea that anything popular that isn't a movie has to be turned into one.
Falling short of the expected cat-astrophe, it's more flabbergasting than truly terrible.
Like the Ark of the Covenant, you won't be able to look away as it melts your face off.
Hooper's utterly bonkers choices make Cats feel like a movie-not from another nation-but from another planet.
Yup, it's a dog alright.
I suspect it's the unfathomable quality that has drawn people toCatsfor so long. In that, at least, I will give Tom Hooper credit. He's definitely captured that.
The truth is, "Cats" is destined for cult status, misunderstood by the uninitiated, unaccepted by the "it's-cool-to-hate" crowd, and cherished by a special brand of audience who sees the value in art that dares to be different.
It would be more entertaining to see frolicking You Tube kittens than this film of a musical that played better on the stage. You never believe the actors in their roles. It's stilted, pretend acting, diverting your attention to inconsequential things.
Cats is terrible, but it's also kind of great.
The whole thing is so badly misbegotten that it keeps its most entertaining elements out of sight.
It's hard to know how to react to Cats, other than gape in slack-jawed amazement that the dare has continued for so long.
There isn't much more to Cats than the experience of sitting back and watching weird-looking performers pretending to be cats while gyrating to Andrew Lloyd Webber songs.
I am going to recommend Cats on Rotten Tomatoes because if you like Cats: The Show you are going to like or love Cats The Motion Picture.
It's deliberate doggerel. It's nonsense rhymes. And, for a movie audience accustomed to traits and arcs upon which they can hang their interest, it's deeply boring.
I'm still slack-jawed and trying to process what I witnessed. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
It's a confusing mess, but one that holds a strange fascination.
What could've been beautiful imagery in an avant-garde cinema setting is a kitty-litter show of inexplicable choices, one that takes all the fun out of the industry punching bags that are [Rebel] Wilson and James Corden.
Look, this is a pretty damn faithful rendition of a famously bonkers and unapologetically ridiculous stage show. It's not quite "good," but it's certainly going for it.
For the life of me, I cannot determine, calculate, or even divine what this movie is, what purpose it serves, and what line of thinking brought it to life.
Three good things to be said about Andrew Lloyd Webber's Broadway musical Cats: It's an impressive showcase for dancers, the costumes are inventive, and the songs, while nonsense, are catchy. Tom Hooper's film adaptation neuters all three aspects.
'Cats' is one of those expensive $ 100 million products that become cult pieces for the least expected reasons. [Full review in Spanish]
[Cats] doesn't really work. And, more often than not, it's a grotesque burlesque. But it does have a few warm, furry moments.
It's taken the musical Cats nearly 40 years to make its way from the stage to the big screen. Now we know why.
This all-star, all-awful screen take on the smash Broadway musical easily scores as the worst movie of the year and arguably the decade. Cats shouldn't happen to a dog.
The parts of Cats that work work really well, while many others don't. It's still kinda magical in a goofy sort of way.
Does all this work? Well, it depends on how you feel about ... "Cats." Did you love the show? You'll find stuff to love here. Did you hate it? Ditto! Or maybe ... you'll have both reactions? That's possible too.
"Cats" turns the most vacuous stage musical of the 1980s into a big-screen litter box for the hammiest of stars to unload into.
The big screen version of Cats may not be purrfect, but it's lovely, wildly entertaining and sparkles with movie magic.
I enjoyed the film for what it is. It's London's Got Talent for the feline set.
I would rather eat glass than watch Cats again, but if someone were to put out a warts-and-all behind-the-scenes documentary on its making, I would watch the hell out of it.
Are all the cast being held hostage?
The look of the actors is so strange you can't get over it: It's the Uncanny Alley. The actors have tails and fur, but also hands. The lady cats have bosoms. Millions in digital effects have yielded the strangest species mashup since Manimal.
Cat-astrophic special effects ruin Tom Hooper's adaptation of the infamous stage musical Cats.
Well, some aspects of the film are genuinely good, but they're counteracted by so much stupid, creepy and pretentious awfulness that it all comes together into a fascinating train wreck.
Years from now, there will be late-night screenings of Cats, with pleasantly drunk moviegoers bellowing for milk alongside Jason Derulo's Rum Tum Tugger and imitating Hudson's melodramatic stylings.
40% of this movie is quite good - the other 60%...not so much...
Cats is the kind of bad movie you'll tell your kids about, and they probably won't believe you.
It is literally the stuff of nightmares.
Structurally, thematically, rhythmically, the show is built around 'Memory.' If that song brings the house down, nothing else matters. If it doesn't...
I realize "It's not that bad!" won't be used in the Cats advertising campaign, but it is worth noting that the peculiar musical does indeed have merit.
This ain't no cat's meow, my Jellicles.
Cats may not be the worst film of 2019, but it's going to earn a spot on many 10 worst lists, and deservedly so.
You do get used to the feline antics after a while, and if that were the biggest problem, "Cats" might still work at a certain level. The bigger issue is that the film completely lacks tension or any real semblance of plot or story.
I'm not saying this is "meow-sterpiece" but I do think some of the critics are lying to themselves. In no way is this a good movie but it's an utterly fascinating acid trip of a film
CATS, as a film, remains as aggressively formless as the musical. It is, essentially, in film terms, all second act.
brace yourself
Cats brings Webber's Broadway sensation to life as an audaciously bizarre spectacle sure to delight and divide as much as the original musical does.
This part-people, part-pussycat, faux-feline Hollywood hairball is a me-ouch.
This movie is a nightmare you let live out its nine lives alone.
A lot of talented people have done their utmost to make Hooper's vision succeed. Sadly, it doesn't.
What [director Tom] Hooper's team devised, however, while not totally perfect, does wonderfully translate what stage actors envision for themselves when taking on the roles.
Woof.
There are so many surreal creative decisions in Cats that one finds themselves constantly faced with the question "what the hell am I even watching?"
Meow. Well, I suppose the appropriate term here is woof. "Cats," the adaptation of the smash Broadway musical, is a real dog.
What we have here is future technology that, to borrow an old Irish phrase, needs to be put beyond use. Shoo.
Cats is a special kind of terrible. No matter how ridiculous it gets, the cast never once backs down. It's a trainwreck from start to finish, but the sort of trainwreck that captures your attention with its audacity and never lets you go.
A surreal circus of man-animals whose insane musical ramblings frequently cross the line into the realm of madness, but somehow still manages to ensnare us, against all odds and our own best efforts.
It's every bit as baffling, weird and horrifying as you expected. It's certainly something that you've never seen before - but there's probably a very good reason for that.
Ill-concieved and ill-executed, this incarnation of Cats leans in on the effects to the expense of most of the performances.
Cats has beautiful production design, a few great performances by James Corden. Taylor Swift and Ian McClellan and spectacular choreography by Andy Blankenbueller. But it left me just as confused as the Broadway show did regardless of its hit status.
A total misfire. Nauseating, anemic and cringe-inducing. The only way to experience it while clean and sober without any suffering is to wear eye shades and ear plugs.
Cats is a head on collision between movie musicals and incompetent technology in which there are no survivors, only miles of morbid curiosity and rubbernecking.
Perhaps I missed what all the purring is about, but the spectacle is more farcical than anything else
By the time I left the theater, I wasn't even sure what a real cat looked like anymore.
Congratulations to dogs.
Cats is the kind of modern movie musical that will have you humming the visual effects as you leave the cinema...For such a feather-weight musical the direction is just too dour. It's like trying to have a skip in your step while wearing moon boots.
If you can overlook the problematic CGI and enjoy the craft of the performances, Cats may be a unique blend of musical and movie. But that pure spectacle boils down to a skin and bone plot, enclosed in a strange dystopia that lacks genuine heart.
Doubtless lovers of Andrew Lloyd Webber will flock to see it, but it's as messy as a cat's litter tray.
The problem lies with the source material, which will make audiences want to claw out their own eyes just for a change of pace.
The weirdest thing about this very weird film is how dull it feels; how devoid of spirit.
Sensational performances from Jennifer Hudson to Taylor Swift to Ian McKellen to Judi Dench help make this entertaining adaptation hit all the right notes.
I felt the light inside me slowly fading.
Finally, a whole new generation can discover that the Cats musical is two hours of human-feline hybrids without genitals having no-touch sex and begging for death via song.
I never thought I would say "There's something for everyone." But really there is in this film.
The ultimate effect of the neon and glitter-drenched CGI extravaganza is Hellraiser 2 by way of Roald Dahl, a family entertainment spectacularly drunk on its own supply of batshit.
Will live on in every viewer's memory, now and forever. Its weirdness is unforgettable.
This version is fun enough for a musical theater junkie. The songs are well done and the dancing is impressive. All the actors are trying their hardest and the visual style is unique.
It's a fun watch, even if it's not... Purrfect.
The weak source material paired with Tom Hooper's incompetent direction is truly a wonder to behold.
There is a thin line between idiocy and genius, and Cats pukes a hairball on it and rubs its ass all over it.
CATS is not a version I'd recommend being anyone's first experience in witnessing the renowned musical. And that's saying something.
The plot is slight, but if you just look at it as Step Up Felines then it's fine holiday entertainment.
Once Tom Hooper's 110 minutes of Cats are over, theater is dead. One lucky Jellicle cat is dead. And we unchosen ones are left, tragically, to continue living.
Cats is for the dogs, but then again, even most dogs know to avoid the stinky stuff.
You'll find that in the end, you're still a dog person.
There is something magical about the simple fact that this movie exists, in all its obscene, absurd wonder, its terrible filmmaking choices and bursts of jaw-dropping talent.
I found "Cats" pretty bland, but it has its moments of catnip, and as a holiday movie option that anyone could see, it might be just the ticket.
By the final scene, by which my eyebrows were hurting from being raised so high (the winning cat goes to the Heavyside Layer in a chandelier? What is this, "Phantom of the Opera"?), I was just tired. As was "Cats." Meow.
A musical of course necessitates the suspension of disbelief, but Mr. Hooper seems never to have quite made up his mind on whether to approach the material with theatrics or realism and winds up with something the cat dragged in.
Cats may flop but it will be found by a likeminded audience, maybe the same one that rescued The Greatest Showman. Don't be the sourpuss to tell these people they're wrong.
The intended humour mostly falls flat (lame jokes like "cat got your tongue" are neither funny nor logical), but there's something in the garish, glorious failure of it that can absolutely be enjoyed. It is unbelievable that it even exists.
Oh God, my eyes.
You won't be able to look away, but you might wish you could forget the "memory" of Cats by the movie's end.
I gasped with laughter, I covered my face, I pulled at my hair, I clasped my hands over my mouth to keep from screaming. Cats had broken me, and I'd never felt happier.
Cats isn't the cat-astrophe that everyone either feared or hoped for back in July, but it isn't a triumphant vindication of Hooper's vision, either.
It gives me very little satisfaction to tell you that Cats takes the prize for being one of the most excruciatingly boring films of 2019.
First off, full disclosure -- I am not a cat person. Second off -- after watching this frankly mortifying film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Cats, I'm not altogether sure I am a movie person anymore either.
One of the weirdest and most garish monstrosities to be birthed out of the Hollywood studio system in this century.
It all just feels so wrong.
Its wild, wacky spirit and crazy creative choices make it an equal parts awful and audacious spectacle to behold.
All I can say is that Mr. Mistoffelees definitely is the best, and maybe this entire movie is overtly sexual for absolutely no reason. So, you know, fun for the entire family.
I'm a dog man myself. But Hooper has made a surprisingly good fist of bringing it to life.
Cats succeeds on its own terms. Its own harebrained, roller coaster, what did we do last night that has me waking up in a temple in Kyoto wearing someone else's pants way.
A bunch of well-known celebrities get turned into singing, scenery-chewing digital kitties in the utterly absurd yet oddly charming movie musical version of the Broadway hit.
Even after 110 tumbling, tail-swishing, deeply psychedelic minutes, it's hard to know if you ever really knew anything - except that C is for Cats, C is for Crazy, and C is probably the grade this cinematic lunacy deserves.
Finding any high point in Cats, though, takes some serious scratching.
What I didn't know is what a formless blob it is, a jumble of musical numbers devoid of plot and pacing, and director Tom Hooper... can do nothing to change that.
Without the presence of hard-working troupers in fun fur in this "Cats," all that's left are canned images of fit-looking people meowing and raising their rumps high in the air.
On a scale of one to Zemeckis, Hooper's Cats boldly goes beyond the uncanny valley and creates a tier of its own.
Hooper is not my man for film musicals.
You must witness the hubris of director Tom Hooper. You must witness the hubris of Hollywood. The hubris of these performers.
This visually dense adaptation of the Andrew Lloyd Webber hit is at once too crazy for this world, and not quite crazy enough.
If the goal was to provide a holiday musical event that's fun for the whole family, it's a good idea in theory, packaged in the wrong litter box.
I didn't hate it.
Sadly, this uneven eyesore turns out to be every bit the Jellicle catastrophe the haters anticipated, a half-digested hairball of a movie...
Director Tom Hooper's movie is a huge failure because he's completely abandoned the fundamentals of what made "Cats" a terrific show.
A spectacular disaster...This movie feels like a prank but I don't know on whom.
With its grotesque design choices and busy, metronomic editing, "Cats" is as uneasy on the eyes as a Hollywood spectacle can be, tumbling into an uncanny valley between mangy realism and dystopian artifice.
The most inexplicably bizarre film of the year, it's jawdropping for all the wrong reasons.
What happens in musical theater should stay in musical theater.
As an adaptation, Cats is declawed, never delving fully into the possibilities offered by its proportion-manipulating trick photography and its animated cast. As a big-budget spectacle, it's a triumphant disaster, if one at least born from a unique idea.
I found it all exhausting.
It's literally incredible. I hope I never see it again.
Of the thought, of the thought, of what on earth to do now. "Pretend to be cats!" says a director. They reply ... "Me? How?"
Tom Hooper's jarring fever dream of a spectacle is like something that escaped from Dr. Moreau's creature laboratory, an un-catty valley hybrid of physical and digital that unsettles and crashes way more often than it enchants.
As far as motion picture musicals are concerned, Cats is...a cinematic disgrace.
Shoddy visual effects can be forgiven, but the biggest issue is that there isn't much energy to many of the performances, probably because even the actors were deeply puzzled as to what they were doing
Cats is the worst thing to happen to cats since dogs.
The Cats movie is about cats, yes. But it also should have been about, well, Cats.
Cats is a strange beast to begin with, but the combination of strange CGI makes the translation from stage to screen even worse.
Cats out of the bag, let's put them back in. At best, Cats is an interesting exercise in the boundaries of filmmaking. At the worst, which it treads closer to, it's a disturbing, confusing, and misguided acid trip of a musical.
This adaptation gets straight to the heart of the material, which is basically two hours of stray cats introducing themselves.
Fans of the stage musical may swoon, but others will be severely allergic.
Big-screen musical adaptation is both strange and magical.
Unforgettable. Freaky. Touching. Some scenes are nightmare fuel. Some scenes are touching, and made me feel empathetic towards the characters. Go in knowing that this is a very polished and extravagant version of a VERY strange musical. This (for what it actually is) is amazing.If you're expecting a normal movie structure, you're going to be thrown. Do a little reading about the Cats premise before going in. And remember: NO ONE THINKS THIS IS NORMAL. Just relax and enjoy this odd little gem. Beautiful Ghosts is a brilliant song, and I find myself listening to it sometimes. Go see it at least once.
Believe it or not, I enjoyed it throughly and didn't find the CGI too distracting.
So first let me start off by saying, we did do some hallucigens before attending the movie. That being said, the movie was fantastically weird. The people were so cat-like. I thought the story line was decent but then again I was under the influence. I thought it was sad(at certain scenes), but I truly found it hysterical. These people actually resembled cats down to their mannerisms. It's an absolute must see if your down to get twisted before!
When we were young children, we believed in the power of the silver screen and dreamt of witnessing the momentous occasion when human and cats are combined in a cheap and rush manner by a director called Tom. This genius has created a movie that will haunt dreams for centuries to come. Today we witnessed what can only be described as a masterpiece that will destroy Tom's career. We had a star studded line up with beautiful names and respectable actors of whom included T-swizzle, Dame Dench, Gandolf himself and sexiest man alive 2019 plus many more. All of these big names were clearly on drugs (or maybe catnip) when they accepted their pointless and bland roles in the mess called CATS. We would like to say that CATS is a funky ride that wouldbe enhanced by the consumption of alcohol while viewing as it was remarkably entertaining on a whole other level even while sober. The complete lack of plot mixed with cats whose feet don't touch the ground when doing anything create a comedic atmosphere even in supposedly serious and tear jerking scenes. The only redeeming quality of the film was Jenifer Hudson who portrayed such emotion that her nostrils were constantly being drained of mucus which she refused to wipe giving us the heebiejeebes . Our home T-swizzle did nothing but drug up cats for 5 minutes then disappeared forever, when instead she should have been more of a supporting character for the sexist man alive 2019 (Idris Elba), not that this would have redeemed the whole movie but it would have made it feel like less of a cash grab to include the "look what you made me do" star but rather a genuine character who had some sort of contribution to the film universe. Maybe her lack of screen time was a blessing in disguise as it will not taint her decent reputation. We feel bad for the actress who played Victoria as this was her film debut and it was high key a bomb. She has many skill that were underutilised by the former great director Tom Hooper even though she BY FAR had THE MOST screen time and opportunities to dance. Lastly the once great, actually still great however clearly blackmailed into doing this film, Dame Dench who has done nothing to deserve a role in such a a disappointing film she spent her whole time getting felt up by other random cats to then perform the most unsatisfying and useless ending since Titanic where Jack could clearly fit on the door. Dame Dench breaks the forth wall to tell us how to address your pet cats ( which are not to be mistaken for dogs) this song goes on for sooooo long and by the end we are told that cats are not so dissimilar to humans. CATS was a funky rollercoaster that didn't need to happen which is purely why it deserves 5/5 stars. - 2 anonymous critics whom chose to remain so to prevent being taken to that dump of a barge in the middle of the Thames.
I was excited to see the movie but after watching it i was not all that impressed
I thought the dancing was very good and some of the music was very good but I felt the actors shouldve look more cat like with their hands and feet
esta pelcula te va a hacer sangrar los ojos con ver como tienen los gatos esas formas, ademas no tiene sentido un musical de GATOS HUMANOIDES solo por demostrar quien es el mejor, es estupido
Just horrible. Nothing else can explain it.
Incredible. I grew up listening to the music and had always dreamed of seeing the musical. It was as if I finally had but only so much better. If you compared it to a typical movie it would be just weird. But if you viewed it as if you were going to the theater it was spectacular. Beautiful. Unforgettable.
I mean entertaining!
pIECE OF CRAP. GIVE ME BACK MY MONEY
It was the worst and best thing Ive seen in a long time
Loved the music, storyline hard to follow at first
Much better than the reviews suggest. Don't watch it if you hate cats and musicals. If you enjoy both then it is worth seeing.
I didnt see what the critics were talking about.I really enjoyed the singing and dancing!I would see this again!
Music and costumes were beautiful. The CGI were a bit wonky in most areas-glad I seen it because of the actors and dancer , but could of waited for redbox
Good music & great acting.
Totally Loved the movie. It was quite a fresh take on the Musical Cats.
A cautionary tale against joining a cult
Loved everything, the cast was extrodinary, bravo on all their performances, costiming/makeup perfection, couldn't have enjoyed it more and can't wait to see it again.
Judie denches human hands
This is the kind of edgy weird that was just right for me. I'm someone who was cursed to love "cult favorites," in other words, all those movies that bust out of theaters never to return due to obscure plots and overly-edgy cinematography but are just wildly unique (think Tron).Cats is definitely that.I went in planning to have fun -- whether I was laughing AT the movie or WITH it -- and no doubt if you watch it, you'll do at least one of the two. It's a movie that constantly throws you off-guard with oddities that I guarantee you'll never see again in a movie, and whenever I made it through my bursts of giddy awe that such a movie exists, I was able to sink back into a surprisingly catchy, incredibly atmospheric acid trip. Granted, I'm biased. As a kid, I loved the musical version... so there was a heavy nostalgia factor for me. Except this was like childhood nostalgia combined with a slight twist of professional horror. It's a movie that goes beyond genre. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll scream, sometimes all three at once. What more could you want from a movie?If it wasn't for the fat jokes, I'd give it 5 stars. I know we all love a chonky cat, but the jokes felt shoehorned in, if not awkward... Cats would thrive much better without them. I mean, as far as humor, this movie already has plenty to laugh at through concept alone.
made me cry, I am upset, it was like a bad drug trip. I am upsetti
Ialways enjoy a musical. The dancers were fantastic.
If you could remove the crappy Taylor Swift song, and delete all of James Cordenand most of Rebel Wilson's shtick, then it might deserve three stars.
There are segments that are wonderful, because the talents are enormous-but there were some ill-fated production choices which do not serve this adaption-sad to say-and the young audience in the theatre laughed at it all rather than tryjng to see the possibilities.AND a big mis-cast:IIdris Elba...Sigh!
Why was this made, it feels like the team behind it didn't even know what the original play was when making this movie.
It was a good movie. Very entertaining. I would recommend to someone who loves musicals or just the music in general.
I don't like musicals and I still thought this was a fun movie to watch. All the hate it is receiving is undeserved and why anyone would give it a bad review is beyond me.
The dancing was phenomenal, music true to the Andrew Lloyd Webber stage production. The story is slightly different than the stage production, but true to the overall story. It is a musical about cats - based on poetry written by T.S. Eliot for his godchildren so there is no deep dark profound revelation. Rebel Wilson cast as Jennyanydots was a mistake, nothing about the original poetry suggests a crude cat, but otherwise the cast did a good job at staying true to the original poetry.
I thought the dancing was great and the cameos from the bigger names were well inserted and good performances. We watched it as a family and the children loved it. Critics have complained about it being weird that people were dressed as cats but that's kind of what the show is about ...
I would pay to forget this. This was the worst film I have ever seen. The animation was terrible, but that wasn't the worst part. "Cats" is an extremely boring film that ultimately fails to capture its audience. I can say without doubt that this was the worst movie experience I have ever had. Even during serious scenes the audience was laughing at it. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. I even saw people leaving early.
I (ironically) enjoyed Cats. Luckily, everyone warned me about the horrific imagery and events in the film. So I was thoroughly prepped for the terrible moments. Some moments are so bizarre that you need to watch it with a friend and laughed or else you'll go insane. Ian McKellan is the best part by far. Not only does he look more like the cats from the Musical, but you can tell he was given very little direction and he acted insane to spite the director. It's worth a watch only to see what everyone is talking about. The nightmare fuel Dancing mice and Roaches were worth the price of entry.However, the major thorn in my side is what I discovered after the fact. Some of the songs were catchy enough that I looked them up afterward, and to my surprise, realized that the original musical is so vastly different that I'm very confused about what happened. The Original Musical is so sly, cool and confident (especially while performing songs), that the movie makes far less sense. If you've seen the movie, go watch The Original Magical Mr.Mistoffelees on youtube and you'll be shocked. The Movie treats the song as a shy ballad to rally the troops, while in the Musical, it's a slick pump-up song. It was jarring to compare the two.Overall, the Cats movie is only watchable if you are highly prepped by critiques and youtube personalities beforehand AND have not seen the Musical. Which is a weird demographic to try and hit. I could not imagine going into this movie blind. A very weird film but I enjoyed seeing it with friends and ridiculing the experience before, during, and after the film.
An excellent big screen portrayal of the Broadway shoe. Why others disliked it I do not know. We would go and see it again. The music, as expected, was outstanding!
I don't like how much hate this movie is getting. Of course, it's a bit creepy looking with the strange CGI, but I can't stress enough how well cast the movie was, with professional dancers and singers who knew how to act. They drew a lot of the dancing from the musical which made me smile many times in the theatre. The songs were emotional and very well performed. The only thing that would have made it better would be to use costumes instead of the fur animation. It was a little weird to look at, but I got used to it. If they had used costumes similar to the broadway productions, maybe the audience would be more ok with it. Overall, a great movie and I want people to realize how much better it is than more recent movie musicals.
This movie is a lot of fun- just know what you're getting into. This is like Alice in Wonderland where each scene is meeting another character - only everyone's a cat. It'san album where each song has a music video. It's silly and over-the-top with some beautiful moments.
As a long-time fan of Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals, I found this movie version of Cats very enjoyable.The added story pieces pulled the individual songs together to help those unfamiliar with the work get a better feel for the show.Great cast list.Very delightful.
AN ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE!!! MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT RUM TUM TUGGER DOESN"T HUMP SOMEONE TO DEATH (LIKE IN THE MUSICAL).
I liked it.My kids enjoyed it.
I like cats, real ones, not the movie. These cats were creepy! So bored that I slept right through Taylor Swift's cameo. Maybe that was a good thing. I have tried several times now to understand why this play was such a hit. At this point it is clear to me that I will never understand...
Very different great music dancing
Cats, musical, dance, and T.S. Eliot. Why wouldn't I love it?
Amazing movie that any cat lover will enjoy. I fully endorse nuzzling
No joke, if you get past the WEIRD CGI and just enjoy the amazing songs and dancing, this is a great musical! With, cat people, yeah but this was a long running musical for a reason! It is solid dance and songs!
It's hard to see until the end, you want it to end as soon as possible
On the final Thursday of my local cinema's run, a theater of thoroughly zonked movie goers, laughed sang and screamed at the screen -- and each other -- in the experience that is CATS. It felt like we blasted into the future and were already enjoying CATS cult-like status as an astounding confused chaotic spastic dark frightening sexual manic mess, that after it's dismal release and the catastrophic downfall of director and producers alike, had somehow successfully resurfaced to popular culture, no longer as a cat but a PHOENIX! What was meant to be for the masses (the most seen musical in history and a marketing spend of over 120M dollars) is nothing other than an exotic bedlam of moving limbs, an orgiastic panoply of cat-like shapes and sizes, where meaning... has no meaning? It is that strange and nebulous, indeed. The film started, it happened and happened and happened, and then it was done. No true beginning or end, and with perhaps a total of two minutes of dialogue, it was a whirring random jarring maddening trippy journey. It's worth adding: when Sir Ian McKellan goes full cat, the audience got quiet and leaned in -- if only for a moment. And then, during the final song, Dame Judi Dench too got the audience to hush, listen and watch. Indeed, McKellan and Dench are featured in some of the only shots whose duration is over two seconds. In the eddy from the brow beating white water of rapid movement and unceasing edits, we could watch a performer and at least understand what the hell she was saying and doing. To be honest, I'm not sure CATS is even appropriate for children, but by golly, get a group of friends together, and go. CATS will surprise you.
Awful, creepy. The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. And I have seen many f**** up movies...
horny furries and boring plot
out of 1-10 i would have given it a 4 but since it asked me to review it i would now say a 3. the only good thing about it was that Jason Derulo and Taylor Swift were in it but only for like 10 seconds 
The costumes, set, music and dancing were great.
Worst movie I have ever seen. 
Loved it better then Broadway. Ive seen it twice. Loved the singing and the cast. 
I love it! I went to the theater thinking I was going to do some "forensic check" given the horrible reviews I had read and seen on YouTube before. I came out with the impression that all this bad publicity is nothing more than a trend. It is really unfair. The movie is excellent, and I believe what happens is that this film is not for all kinds of audiences. You really have to suspend your disbelief, see the movie and follow the story (yes! it has a story, contrary to what it has been said), in its own terms. That's all.
Great CGI and emotional storyline. The singing and dancing was spectacular. Rebel Wilson's character was my favourite, followed by James Corden. Both entertaining and relatable. The entire cast did a great job and I enjoyed most of the movie. I fail to see what the negative critics wrote.
Visually beautiful.Like reading a beautifully illustrated book, but a real snooze.
A heinous assault on the senses! 
Incomprehensible dog crap with the CGI of a direct to DVD Anaconda film.
Jason Derulo has some nerve telling critics that this wasnt a bad movie
It's far more enjoyable watching a cat lick it's own anal orifice. None of whom even attempt such self-indulgent grooming here.
I thought the movie was fantastic!! Everything, the acting, dancing, singing were all great!
Cats is a...well lets say bad movie,The cast is decent but the story, o wait there's no story!
I really enjoyed this film. The music and dancing are just fantastic. I had no problem with the effects that others gave derided and thought it was a great piece of art. Cats is a representation in song and dance of the poems of TS Elliott. They are put together to form a simple but moving story but that is not really the main point. Taylor Swift's additional song Beautiful Ghosts' makes a welcome addition to the original songs/poems and the beautiful dancing of Francesca Hayward is fantastic. James Cordon's portrayal of Bustafor Jones is well done and amusing.
It's Purrrfect!I like how characters portrayed as cats it was spot on, even behaved like cats! I really love the backdrops, lightings, singing and dancing. There's a lot of pure talent going on. Also i loved the effects like how the cat ears and tails twitch just like real cats do? Sooo cute! It was entertaining. Me and my boyfriemd loved it.
I never could figure out what the story was about.
I liked the singing and the dancing
What the fuck did I just watch?
Eww... the grossest looking film I have ever seen. Don't even bother
An absolute disgrace
Surprisingly good! Great dancing and music.
A Masterpiece! Forget those stupid bad reviews that says this is the worst movie, well actually it's the total opposite. People who gave this a negative review probably did NOT understand arts, musicality, theatricality and the story itself. Effects are awesome! And characters really look like cats, even behave like cats, well the movie is about CATS after all! Go see the movie yourself before you judge.
it was horrid, but if you are under the influence it can be an intense experience
I loved it. It's a great family movieand the set was amazing too. I was disappointed that when some bad reviews came out, they pulled the advertisement on tv... it was purrrrrfect!
CATS was a marvelous disaster, with witty charm and emotion throughout, cheeky charisma and crying no doubt... I personally went in expecting the worst movie I had ever seen - and it was far more awful and disappointing that I expected. From the very beginning of this film (which doesn't mess around, it gets right into it from the start) I was mesmerized by how terrible and disgusting the CGI looked, and overall I couldn't decide what was worse, the visuals or that a production line hired all these dazzling actors to play in this flic. I'll give the movie some credit, the performances were amazing and there were some pretty emotional and heartbreaking scenes. The plot of CATS 2019 (the play too obviously) has a very compelling story and a strong list of characters. Taylor Swift was a interesting side villain, and Jason Derulo was always great to see on screen. This movie was horrifically creepy with a positive tone, but really, it conflicted harshly with my vibes. But, I'd watch it again to be bluntly honest.
My daughter and I went to the new Cats movie despite poor reviews. We LOVED it. We have each seen the Broadway version numerous times. Both the original and the revival. I don`t know what the naysayers expected that they were disappointed. I think this movie was quite true to the show .If you enjoyed the Broadway show I don't know why you would not enjoy the movie . If you did not like the movie I can't imagine why you would go to this movie. The dancing and singing was supurb. The makeup and costumiing must surely get an oscar nomination.
We went to see cats and because of technical problems the movie did not show. So we have not seen cats yet.
Terrible. Waste of my money.
The absolute worst best experience I have ever had!!!! Must see!
I am a musical lover and this big screen adaptation just made the theatre production that much better.
We got up and left 30 minutes into it. Which wasnt early enough. I wanted to claw my own eyes out. We wasted our Christmas gift cards on this movie. If am ever asked what the worst movie Ive ever seen is... I have a definite answer, Cats!
It's an good experience, but a horrible movie
Jennifer Hudsons performance alone was worth the price of admission.
The only thing that was missing was a cat saying -Oh hi mark
I mean its CGI , which kind of turned a lot of people off. Starts off kinda slow but really picks up. If you dont like the play then you wouldnt like this. Ive never seen the play, so this was my first experience with CATS and it didnt disappoint
Forget the naysayers, the doomsayers, the miserable hoard who deride this fun take on the the original musical. If you liked the show, you'll like the film. If you hated the show, or had never seen it or did no background understanding, you'll probably hate it or be confused. Sure, it's a marmite movie, but the music if fantastic and the dancing sublime.
if you are not a CATS aficionado, love musical, and have an absurd sense of humor you will enjoy this movie.truly the music is fine.Jennifer Hudson is outstanding.the hype over Taylor Swift was ridiculous.
I really enjoyed it and the liberties that they took, but I felt that the choreography was lacking.
Absolutely fantastic.If you like dance or musicals then this is for you.I don't understand bad reviews.I wouldn't go and see a football film as I don't enjoy sport so those that are giving bad reviews are obviously not going to enjoy this film of such epic talent.The dancing, singing and skill by the orchestra is absolutely the best.Sit back and enjoy a bit of culture.Of course there isn't a deep plot!!It's based on poetry and introduces each cat one after the other to explain their character.Each character portrayed and cast so well. They all deserve a mention individually really but Victoria, Mr Mistoffelees, Munkustrap and Rum Tum Tugger were amazing!
And now for the review you've all been waiting for CATS!I had to do it, I had to take the bullet for all people, everywhere, for humanity's sake.They were pleading, "Rocky, will you please see Cats for me?I don't want to see it, medically I can't see it, but I need to hear of the abomination that my unseeing eyes can't behold."I think it's like wanting to hear the grisly details of a triple murder without seeing the gruesome sight yourself."Tell me about the bodies but don't show me the pictures."Well, my fine human friends, I have done it.I tempted mental disability and the potential to lose all traces of human empathy.I stared off into the void of Cthulhu's darkest nightmare, the one he sees when he himself stares into the mirror- and I survived.At least I believe I did, for all I know, I could still be there in the theater, spasming and writhing on the floor along with all the other poor souls who dared the devil's dream. I'd like to think that I'm one of those brave people, like those who set out to climb Mt. Everest or wear Crocs in public, even knowing the extreme dangers they face.There's a certain thrill from laughing at impending doom.I can't help but compare the movie to the Star Wars Christmas Special or anything starring Amy Schumer, it began as a simple endurance test.I knew that I might not last that long.I might feel compelled by guardian angels to leave ten minutes into the film.In fact, nearly half the audience did get up and leave the theater during the film.That's not even a joke.There were 12 people at the start and only 7 at the end.One couple got up together, left, came back in for about another twenty minutes and then got up and left again, this time for good.I can imagine the husband had a look of panic in his red eyes and the sympathetic wife was like, "Do you need a breather, Honey?"He then looked at her with stifled breathing and simply nodded.They went out and once he regained his fortitude, he whispered, "I've been to Iraq, I've seen Al Qaeda soldiers, bloody and inhuman, raise their murderous howls to the moonless night above the ashes of a devastated village.But those memories are as a sweet rose petal upon my cheek in comparison to what I just witnessed in that theater."Then she said, "Bob, we have to go back.I want to hear that Memories' song."With fresh tears rolling down his weathered cheeks, he sobbed a quiet "no, please no.anything but that..."Then she firmly dragged him back.They sat down, him with eyes closed and humming the star spangled banner, and then twenty minutes later his soft sobs and tremors got to her. She stood him back up and walked him out of the theater while patting his back and whispering they could go to Cabela's.The next group to go were some parents and a child.I think they realized that though the film was rated PG, it was more disturbing than any X rated film could ever hope to be.X rated films cover their eyes when Cats come on and start a petition for congress to enact stricter public decency laws.I think I heard the child ask her parents if there was a God as she walked by me.The father looked like he was questioning divinity himself.What cruel deity could possibly let a film like this happen?What sins was he meant to pay for.They did not come back.That left seven of us in the theater and two might have been the corpses of audience members from the 5 o'clock show.I doubt the theater workers venture in to clean up after viewings, there's a dark aura, like walking the halls of Alcatraz or a closed Baby Gap.The attendants are like, "You knew what mess you were getting into when you bought the tickets.Sit in your kitty litter of shame and reap the disgusting filth you sow!"One lady in the far corner was actually laughing at the cat jokes on screen.They were dialogue like, "look what the cat dragged in" and "what's the matter, cat got your tongue?"She laughed! She actually laughed at tripe like that.So you know she was either high or on a field trip from the local asylum.The movie had no real plot, just a loose tying together of the nine level's of Dante's Inferno.I knew that going in, I actually knew a lot going in, but I went in anyway, like buying a timeshare or a McRib or a parent-teacher conference.It just meanders around like a stray cat.We sit through two hours of individual Cats introducing themselves through song and dance to the audience.They have names like Mr. Mistoffelees and Munkustrap and Skimbleshanks and I swear to you I did not make those up. I know they totally sound like something I would makes up, but they are not.They are totally legit.Rum Tum Tugger, Rumpleteazer, Mungojerrie, and Bombalurina.It feels like they are totally messing with us at this point.Watch, I'll put the same effort into making a new character by sneezing on the keyboard, Shushgamarinopatzzzzzz.Name and backstory, done, where's my Tony?The main character is this doe-eyed cat, I think her name was Rumplestiltskin or Chevrolet Camaro, or something, and as she meets these new street cats, she learns they all want to leave and go to heaven.Yes, here the audience finally identifies with the characters, because like them, we too wish to die and escape the film.The cats attempt this by performing for Dame Judi Dench.Somehow only she has the power to grant the sweet release of death to them.But just one each year.She's a cruel mistress like that.The rest are forced to live on in an endless night of catnip induced hell, hoping that next year will finally be their turn to die.The whole time they are performing and introducing, another cat, the evil Macavity, is trying to kidnap competing cats so he can be the only contestant left to die.Of course this cat is black, showing that racism is clear in cat culture also.Bizarrely, and never explained, he has magical powers to teleport, seriously, I'm as as lost as you are. It leads me to wonder why he doesn't just teleport himself off a cliff or under water or into a Chinese restaurant.Anyway, he wants to win death, but he doesn't even perform for himself like all the other cats, Taylor Swift does.Cat politics are very confusing.Now, I will say that Taylor's performance is the best of the show and the only one worth seeing.I waited all film for it but they do make you wait.Otherwise, if her part were at the beginning, people would just see it and then walk out, like you do to your co-worker's birthday party.The guy you're kinda friends with, but not friends enough to stay at his house until the karaoke starts.So you go through all this as an audience and then finally Cat Judi Dench picks the American Idol winner and she is sent off to heaven.The scene makes me more believe she'll suffer a horrible death on the journey.Then they sing a song about not being dogs. That's it.That's it.You're left feeling kinda blank.I imagine it's how a torture victim feels after leaving prolonged capture and beatings.What do you do next?Heather and I left the theater in a daze and blinked our consciousness back into the returning light.We consoled each other and smiled as we knew we were some of the lucky ones.We made it.We had survived Cats, and if we could survive that, we could survive any film.I just hope they follow it up with a Dogs sequel.Instead of random dancing and nonsensical introduction songs, it could just be a silent film of actors chasing a squirrel around stage.I would like that.It could help bury the memories of what I just witnessed.Time heals all wounds.Like that cliched school room poster, hang in there, kitten.Tomorrow will bring the sun.And you will walk in it.
I am a big fan of musicals, but based on what everyone said, I was dreading it. I was dragged to the theatre but pleasantly surprised. Sure, it was cringey at some parts, but overall, it was pretty decent.
if you go into the movie not expecting much, it's still very enjoyable.the animation is flat awful (and often distracting), and the storyline has always been cheesy, but the singing and dancing are phenomenal
Lovely comfortable seat at the cinema with delicious nachos and I even managed to have a wee nap so not a total waste of time. My 8 year old daughter loved the film. If it's ever on tv I think I'll tidy out the garage or so some other job I've been putting off for years
Los directores pensando en como hacer la Pelcula da ms miedo que risa
This movie makes me genuinely angry because it could have been good. If they had just made actual CGI cats instead of creepy human-cat hybrids, the movie would have been so much better. Cats is a classic musical and I love the idea of turning it into a film, but the way they decided to make it is unsettling. There are parts in this movie where the cats walk on two legs, and others where they walk on four. Besides the unsettling animation, I was most uncomfortable when the cats rubbed and nuzzled up against each other like actual cats do. You cant have humans doing this because its genuinely creepy. It wouldnt have been if the cats were actual cats. Overall, this movie was a waste of $100 million and I think they should fire whoever decided what the cats should look like.
I made it threw 20 min and I stopped it ....
This is the WORST movie I've ever seen!!! Who the fuck allowed this to be released...
I loved it. But then, I also loved the stage play. Didn't like the fact that the tune for Mongojerry was changed.
I thought it was ok. It wasnt as bad as I expected. Having seen the stage production which I enjoyed more, my problem with the movie was hiring actors who couldnt sing. Its a musical for goodness sake. My girlfriend LOVED it as did the one other person in the audience. 
Never see something so ugly and awful. OMG, i wish i can "unsee" this
The first third of the movie was a little confusing however the last two-thirds was great!The singing and dancing were fabulous, especially the lead younger cat.Jennifer Hudson's singing was glorious.Judy Dench's description of how to understand a cat's view of their life and owner were spot on as was her presence throughout the film. The special effects of how they moved their cat ears and tails was brilliant.
I loved Jason Derulo
This will not take place of the WORST movie, I have ever seen. Don't wast your time and money. Two Thumbs Down......Now I for sure will not be seeing Cats the play.....HORRIBLE....HORRIBLE.....HORRIBLE
In spite of the bad press about this film, I actually enjoyed it. I think people need to take it at face value with fewer expectations and just enjoy it for what it is.
I enjoyed the whole thing, casting was great, the story was great.I have never seen the Broadway production, and probably will never, but had never really understand the hype for it.Now I do.This was an interesting show, with excellent dancing and singing.
If you love musicals as we do youll love Cats. Weve seen the pay a number of times and I can say the movie improves the experience with the dancing, singing and acting. On the other hand if youre not a fan of musicals - youll hate it. 
saw this movie twice. There are a lot of things the headlines aren't telling you. If you are entertained by flame pieces like that I get it, but if you are seriously wanting to know what the movie is all about there is a lot to be said about this movie, some negative, mostly positive. The performances, the cinematography, the musical numbers, the story and theme are also quite nuanced when you give it a chance.
Kill it. My eyes burn. Watch Jacksfilms. Great YouTuber. Yeah. Who did this
Memory was a fantastic song, and the Taylor Swift song was decent, but the rest of the songs are mediocre. Nice set design too.
This movie is couple months too late!!! Should be with the horror films before Halloween 
Excellent Theme, Cast, Sound & Costumes!
If you are a fan of musicals and broadway, I recommend! Lots of stunning talent!
Avoid it. Longer than it needed to be. No story at all. Just mindless random singing. Movie was also released with the CGI work for the costumes uncompleted. I lost the time I wasted to see this garbage. Please dont repeat my mistake. I wish I hadnt. The trailer was better than this whole movie, and its free. Watch that instead.
Its reeeeeeeeally bad. Wow. Seeing it in a rowdy theater made it quite enjoyable.
Awesome! Delightful choreography. Brilliant music. Interesting storyline. Intriguing CGI and costuming. I loved it!
I had heard a lot about this film before going to see it and if youve read the critics reviews you probably know how I felt. I told myself to go into this film with a complete unbiased opinion. I can say that this film worked very well for me. Dont get me wrong, there are going to be a lot of people that hate this movie. The artistic style of the film comes in a form that only certain people will be able to appreciate. Cats are strange and mysterious creatures. This film captured that feeling very well. Of course the environment at times can feel rather strange, Tom Hooper is an Oscar winning director! He wouldnt have made choices like this by accident. The acting and singing are as expected spectacular, and the CGI, though somewhat disturbing is very realistic. Overall this film isnt nearly as bad as the critics say it is. Some people wont like it but I encourage you to walk in to this film with the intent of making your own opinion. Dont just listen to seemingly always negative critics.
I loved it, the acting, the performances and the storyline was perfect. Jeniffer Hudson's performance was incredible and emotional. While people is complaining about the design of the cats it feels like people just want to find the negative, anyone who has seen the theater musical knows this is how they look there. I see nothing cringy, no one says cringy when a pokemon talks or with Sonic and it's the same, animater characters. Definitely, this is a movie for people who LOVES musicals and loves cats, not for people whose preference is another genre.
Slow beginning but picked up.
Quite simply, this film is garbage. Absolute fever dream, the plot is non existent and I promise you, after seeing the film, you'll have no recollection of the last 2 hours of your life. I would rather gutter stomp my nan than sit through this film again.The film feels like a big inside joke. Events happen without care for an explanation, while you can see loosely cause and effect, there is no sense of depth. The movie feels extremely shallow, attempts have been made to create deep and meaningful moments, but it is all lost via no underlying connection. Overall the fact that the characters are just visually disturbing and not cleanly edited or refined in any way, it's uncomfortable to sit through and be engaged with such a nightmare of a film, the whole experience felt like a dream I didn't want to be stuck in.
The bad reviews, both from critics and audiences, kept me, an outspoken cat person, from watching this one earlier. And I was indeed disappointed with the first 30 minutes, but the last half hour saved the experience. Since I have never watched another version of Cats I cannot really compare, but I think the story is just confusing. The costumes are diverse and well made, though, particularly the ears and tails. Singing, dancing, and acting by the star-studded cast, led by 'M' Judi Dench and 'Gandalf' Ian McKellen, is mostly convincing. The real star, though, is Victoria the White Cat, performed by the beautiful English ballet dancer and actress Francesca Hayward, who resembles a young Madeleine Stowe.
You would be forgiven for believing me if I told you that Mel Brooks' The Producers was based on real life events, but Springtime for Hitler in Germany was substituted in for CATS.
Love this movie. There was a lot of differences from the musical. But still love the storyline. The music was great is the one new song.
Why did I watch this
.you for is this then for looking are you what is motion slow agonizingly in wreck train a If
really good movie! if it had been billed as the musical, and named a couple stars not known for singing, like Judi densch and Ian mckellen, i would have gone sooner to see it. I've wanted to see the musical for years
dancing and music was great but the CGI was horrendous
It was entertaining.Not as exciting as I hoped, not much story.
Pior filme que eu j assisti na minha vida! Sai do Cinema antes do fim.
there was no story, just introductions.
This movie will only be your cup of tea, if you like musicals. If not, you won't like it. I love musicals, and this movie was so good with the dancing and singing. Not to brag or anything, but Taylor Swift did an amazing job playing the role of Bombaurina!
Cats is a musical jewel because when you see it you feel as if you were really miserable or did not have happy moments with the people around you; I felt that same feeling when I entered the room because I was intrigued wondering what this representation would look like outside the stage. No doubt Tom Hoper decided to break down borders to dust off this classic Broadway play to bet on modern cinema and redefine this beloved work as one of the greatest hits of a decade. although if we compare Los Miserables with Cats, we would have a huge difference because, since both productions are musical and from different countries, the mechanics of attracting more actors to reincarnate icons of the musical theater overvalued the quality and essence of the film to impose greater value. On the contrary that people can say about the musical, the film was a professional wonder thanks to the soundtrack that made me remember great moments of my life. The cast was well represented by great personalities of the artistic medium such as Taylor Swift, Jennifer Hudson, James Corden, Rebel Wilson among other names who knew how to take pity on the role and interpret it in an amazing way. The movie made me vibrate and certainly won a place in my heart for complexing a key piece in the musical theater. The key message of this film is to bring a grain of talent to others regardless of whether you are rich or poor or another social complexion. We must all lend our skills to help make the world a corner of light.
What. Was. That! I just don't know how so many big names were conned into this mockery.
This movie was so good IF you like musicals.If you like real dancing and not just jumping around and pelvic thrusts, this is a great movie.I you have to really love the arts to love this movie.
Despite the bad reviews, this film was incredibly captivating from the start, and moving towards the end. Don't let bad reviews put you off this film, it's excellent. Cannot wait to see again!
Costumes, makeup and set design where outstanding.Great dancing. I have never seen the play.I thought it was visually very good.
Great music and costumes
Cats is weird. People should know that. It's not the movie. The movie brings back the amazing music of the Broadway production and make sit even better. The movie brings out new scenarios, and not just a pile of garbage for 2 hours straight. The movie has an amazing cast. And on top of all the movie gives the audience a new way to experience movies. With amazing CGI that even if not perfect looks amazing and a new take on how musicals should look on screen. I loved it and will watch it again.
Saw it on a streaming service, (I'm not giving this hairball any of my money) and I could not get through it. I watched enough to know that it sucked.
Saw the original UK stage production when it opened, and the B'way production as well. The movie is quite good, with solid performances and superb choreography. Worth seeing on a big screen; won't translate well to tv.
Castabutley Purrfect! This movie felt like the second coming and shook me to my fur suit! i actually stayed in the theater for repeat viewings to let the movie pound its strangely erotic yet sexless cgi cats into my eyes so when i closed my eyes i could see them.
Special effects amazing and singing was great loved the stories within the story
I saw this on stage years ago and liked it okay although was confused about the storyline. But I really enjoyed the film and actually understood what was going on. Fabulous dancing, amazing makeup.
And now I know why I am allergic against cats.
I didn't do any background research on this movie before seeing it - though I knew it was a musical. Maybe I should have done some homework as I just felt a little lost from the start. I like musicals and the real time structure was interesting though maybe better seen as something to chill out too when doing homework or cleaning and you need something mildly interesting in the background.
Well, I really loved it actually. I thought the singing and dancing was fabulous and I could hear the audience around me tearing up to Memories.I'm going to buy the dvd and watch it again.
I loved the music and dance.
Dancing fantastic.Music terrific.Casting good.Little different from Broadway play, but mainly because movie technical abilities allowed much more animation and effects to capitalize on the differences.
There's a scene in Six Degrees of Separation, where Ian McKellen scoffs at Will Smith as he tells the tale of his father endeavouring to make a live action movie of Cats the Stage Musical."Cats? The musical 'CATS'?" He asks in derisive disbelief. And now,30 yrs later, Ian McKellen is in this film. Forget Geralt of Rivia, if that isn't Destiny I dunno what is.In all my 53 years on Earth, I have NEVER been shushed or ejected from a theatre. I am a respectful & polite film-goer. However, my niece & I were so flabbergasted by the visual design choices of this film, our audible gasps meant we got shushed. A LOT. If Hieronymus Bosch were a Furry, this would be the result.The CGI to create anthropomorphic singing cats is awful & straight out of the Uncanny Valley. Vocal performances are all over the place, ranging from good to irredeemably awful. I'm guessing the choice to NOT cover the faces with more cat-like visages was made as to extract maximum recognition factor from the bizarre cast of disparate A listers, instead of the Triple Threat Musical performers that would have been better cast. Complex dance sequences,choreographed & filmed at odd, disjointed angles that never allow you to actually see the footwork, kill the one good reason one went to see the stage musical. Even Jennifer Hudson's rendition of 'Memory' is awful, an overwrought & underwhelming performance with the subtlety of a sledgehammer. For this, they rightly blood-sacrifice her at the end. Hey, I've read nuttier spiritual beliefs.And then there are the dancing cockroaches,(yes you read that right) who are summarily eaten by Rebel Wilson after she strips off her cat fur to reveal a dancing costume. Yes, it is as horrifying as it sounds.If Gregor Samsa had a fever dream about David Lynch directinga troupe of Radio City Rockettes, this would be it.And the cat puns. SO may cat puns. More than you can wrap into a furball i.e too many.This film is incredible. Better than the Room,Showgirls & a boatload of Xanadus all put together.It is bad. Gloriously bad. Bring alcohol. Bring friends. Kidnap a school bus. I am jealous of the packed theatres it has played to in New York following the slew of terrible reviews. Suffering brings us together. You will watch in awe & think,"Tom Hooper who made 'The King's Speech' looked at this in the editing room & went,"Yup. This is perfectly fine." God bless him, that sort of pie-eyed optimism is a blessing in today's world.Film of the decade. For all the wrong reasons. 10/10. ::Insert Showgirls' 'Jazz Hands' gif here::
Ok this is just me personally, but I Didn't like the rum rum tugger song. It annoyed me to no end but overall I still love the film. This was my third time seeing this so you know.
Enjoyed every minute of the movie. Definitely a divisive stylistic choice, but it was masterfully executed.Except the roaches...
I love a good musical, and it was!
Well... the biggest offence of this movie is the lack of meaning in the songs, for me this caused me have a terrible time watching this movie for the first half of the movie. Then something strange happens, I start getting use to the strange cgi cat/human hybrids and the lyrical genius finally dawned on me. This movie ain't so bad :)
If you want to chill out, have fun, listen to great music and watch dance and amazing special effects, then the Cats movie is the place to be.No need to over think it . . I LOVED IT !!
Is it lifechanging cinema? No. Is it fun as hell? Thousand times yes.
I think think the movie sucked it was terrible. No one even talked in it, there was no plot, and the main characters voice was annoying. If I ever had to watch it again I would cry till I fall asleep. I wasted 32 dollars on tickets and it was the worst movie I have ever even seen. I WOULDNT EVEN CLARIFY IT AS A MOVIE.
Cats movie my movie review Cats.I saw CATS, & was told by reviews to expect the worst movie EVAAH!My expectations were disappointed.What did these critics expect?The play was one of the most popular ever, and this was a movie of that play.So if the play was so great, why diss this flick?The music of Cats was great, so see this movie if only for that reason. Shut your eyes if you must.But all those hundreds of thousands who saw this long running play over the years found it somehow delightful.Although, I confess that I was in the minority, because when I saw the play at the Pantages I was struck by how unintelligible so many of the words were. So, I strongly suggest to add to your understanding,and thus enjoyment, you should first actually read Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats (1939), a collection of whimsical light poems by T. S. Eliot.And what's all this criticism of the Cat costumes in this movie.Were they not very close to what they wore in the play?And, the music.Who could forget Mammories y the play's hit song.So why object to women like Taylor Swift, & Judie Dench, cavorting in slinky pussycat costumes? Besides, to object to people wearing animal costumes is to be extremely offensive and bigoted against our fellow citizens who identify as members of THE FURRY COMMUNITY (google it! it's a thing.)So, because so many have unjustly expressed hatred for this movie, I will give it a generous 5 Stars!
If you love cats the musical or any musical you will love seeing top actors/actresses singing your favourite songs in a different way. Sick of all the bad reviews by sniffy reviewers. I loved every minute. Amazing to watch visually. I am going to see again and love listening to all the music as I drive. If musicals are not your thing do not go.
The director Tom Hooper brought an adaptation of a theatrical musical to the big screen and in my opinion it was something he should not have done. I saw the original work a long time ago and it was a bit strange for me to see the actors characterized as cats in human form, but it was good, it was what I had. This adaptation left a lot to think about due to its strange characters "cat men". With regard to the visual as managed effects, lights, etc., it was extremely horrible. I hoped that with the technological advances that are currently being handled in the middle of the year 2019, a better quality of film will be presented and based on the music this is not so bad, there were songs that if I liked others very much Taylor Swift came out and I think that I gave a little enhancement to the movie. After all, it was a bad movie for me.
Much better movie than the critics rated it. Ignore them.
It was fun, don't let anyone talk you out of seeing it, if the genre and trailers catch your interest.
We absolutely loved it. We laughed, we cried, we loved. We were drawn into the story from the very first scene and stayed there. The music and choreography were unrivaled. I would recommend it to everyone of all ages. I was particularly awed at how they were so "catlike." The ears moved and twitched, the tails moved like cats, and they moved their bodies in total catlike movement.The sets were incredible as everything was to perspective. The mice and roaches were small, the tables and doors were large, everything was seen from a cat's point-of-view.There is nothing I can say to describe the feelings of the song, "Memories." That song always touched me, but it wasn't until I saw Cats the first time that I truly understood it. This rendition gave me the same feelings as it did then.
This was insane and everything I could ever want it to be. Some of the cast absolutely went for it and I am impressed
Boring, don't waste your time, I'm sorry for the great cast, but the adaptation it's by far the worstI have seen !
I loved it! Similar to the stage production, but with more of an actual storyline.
yikesPros: Some songs were good(especially Beautiful Ghosts) The acting was ok The CGI has its moments Cons: Suffers from the ultra passive protagonistCGI glitched out a lot Story was muddled and didn't make sense until like the 2nd act Most of the dialogue was singing, felt forced at times, I know it's a musical but there was a lot of singing, like so much to the point where you don't know what's going on at times
The movie overall was just ok for me. I enjoyed the storyline but what I didn't enjoy was seeing Jennifer Hudson play the same role as her Dream Girls character- (the once star victimized by the downfalls of stardom only to be revived again with lesson learned.
There is nothing like it and never will be.
I think this is a good movie - the songs are really catchy and there's lots of emotion in it. Some of the changes they made were a little strange, such as Mistoffelees singing his song instead of the Rum Tum Tugger, but I'd definitely recommend this to fans of the musical :)
Good music, good sets, good acting. Just weird and boring at times.
Don't watch it. ever
We took my grandmother who is blind, deaf, dead, and has dementia and she absolutely LOVED IT! It really made christmas special but not for the people sitting around us as grammy has been decaying for the past 12 years and smells like Judi Dench.
Dance numbers were too long and repetitious, especially during the first half of the movie so started to drift off asleep. Confusing and hard to figure out the plot line of what was going on. Never saw the play - hope it was better and more dynamic.
They say curiosity killed the cat, but in this case it was my curiosity AND the cats that killed me.
If you like the musical this is way better! If you have seen Starwars, Harry Potter, etc there are far more bizzar creatures than human cats which i thought looked amazing compared with the broadway costumes. The scenes, choreography and singing again is the best version of cats and I even loved James Corden and Rebel Wilson's portrayal of their characters even though Im not a huge fan of either.
If you liked the stage play, you'll like this film! I cannot understand why this movie was panned the way it was... it is great entertainment!
no no no no no no no
Not much of a storyline
My 7 yr old daughter loved the singing and dancing. I was just there.
loved the songs, costumes, and seeing some of my favorite people.
it's not weirder than the musical, be thankful for that. we didn't have to watch a cat orgy. also it's genuinely entertaining and taylor swift is phenomenal.
The music and the character of Victoria
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this version of Cats! The singing, dancing, acting & comedy was outstanding!!!! Loved all the CGI tricks.
best movie ive ever seen
Honestly I went into this movie thinking it was going to be awful. It was so much worse, after about 5 minutes in I had the urge to leave. And I've never walked out of a movie before. Stuck through to the end and wish i could get the 2 hours of my life back.
the trailer looked horrible and unappealing
This was amazing. It was the first time I've seen Cats (and I've seen it several times) where I understood how the different characters were tied together. Jennifer Hudson's performance is Oscar-worthy.
As a lover of the broadway musical, I think the concept of the story shone through in this film.
It was expensive cheapery.A movie based on face swap apps gets hideously infected with cgi gone wonky and secondary "Can't get past that underlying creepiness of every second I am consciously consuming this, but can't look away" experience.
Loved the costumes, songs and story line. Thought it was a great all around movie.
Ooof. What a stupid movie. And I usually like movies critics hate. They were right on this one though should be less than 10%. I actually left the cinema 40mins into the movie that's how bad it was. I would rather just have lost the money for ticket than also lose my time watching the awful movie.
Cats 2019 is completely underrated. The choreography, singing, cast, and animation are all perfectly done. Much better than Emo the Musical in my opinion.
My wife and I enjoyed it very much.We liked the dancing, the singing, the marvelous costumes, and the creative sets.I wouldn't mind seeing it again.
I loved every minute of CATS!It is a beautiful adventure with great music, an amazing cast, and incredible special effects.If you loved the theater production, and/or you love cats, then this film is a must!!
Music was amazing! Go to see this movie, it isn't as iconic as Les Miserables (it's hard to beat), but it is definitely worth seeing. Some parts of it even made me tear up, the music is beautiful at times.
Im a dancer and choreographer..... it was not real and raw for me. Technology ruined it!
This is why I prefer dogs more
The movie is awful! Seeing cats as human is scary!
LOVED IT!! IF YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN THE BROADWAY SHOW AND OR DONT UNDERSTAND ITS POETRY RHYMES ETC THEN YOU WONT GET IT. FOR PROPLE TO SAYWHAT THE HELL IS THAT??AND GIVE IT POOR REVIEWS, CLEARLY HAVE NO CLUE ANYTHING ABOUT CATS PRETTY MUCH IT WASLONGEST RUNNING BROADWAY SHOW EVER! SO THE STORY HAD TO BE A SUPERB ONE FOR THE SUCCESS OF IT. THE MOVIE IS A BIT DIFFERENT OF COURSE. AND NOT AS GREAT AS THE SHOW BUT WAS STILL VERY VERY GOOD! I LOVED IT. ALL ACTORS ACED THEIR ROLES AND I WANT TO SEE IT AGAIN!!!GO AND SEE IT. WHIMSICAL MUSICAL GREAT DANCING AND ME AS A TAPPER I LOVED THE TAP ROUTINE. EVEN THE LITTLE ROACHES TAPPING
Jennifer Hudson does excellent with her performance of Memory especially the second time around. However, it was nowhere near enough to carry the cringe-worthy acting and mannerisms throughout the film. The music is horribly written, Taylor Swift was gaudy in the 20 minute span she performed, and in many of the numbers the genre and dancing styles for the music changed too many times to count. Its very unenjoyable until the defining moment, and after it, it resumes its bland nature.
It made me laugh....lots of great actors.
I thought the actual musical was the most weird and boring thing to begin with. Then the movie amplifies the weirdness and boringness of the musical.
The visuals were gorgeous.The movie was fast past and attention grabbing.The female lead character was fantastic. As was the male lead. Both excellent dancers.This movie is for musical theater goers.Its artsy.
It's better than the last jedi so that's cool... the weird cat people with no buts and they regularly look so nightmarish and creepy.
I couldn't hear some of the songs. The mice dancing scene was not needed. The movements of the cats including the ears and tail were fantastic. Loved the movie
worst film in history
I've seen Bollywood movies that were better than this!
I never wondered if a cat with boobs would be a good thing or a bad thing. Then I saw Cats. Now I know... Moving on, you probably couldn't make a movie this bad if you tried. It's purrrfectly atrocious. I actually kind of loved it. But seriously, it's SO bad.
What? but also Why? And don't forget the hands!!!!!
Loved it. Like having a Broadway Show on the Big Screen.
I liked the movie!Music and dance. Amazing technology to turn actors into cats!
No one expected it to be good
I absolutely got nothing out of it & I like musicals:-(the costumes were great, the person who designed them, should get an AWARD !
I know it got awful reviews, but I loved it. I went in with low expectations but was pleasantly surprised.
Good times, overlooked by many because it is artwork and not predictable typicality. Let yourself go: open your mind to it, like in a museum.
Wasnt as bad as they made it out. The CGI was a bit annoying though.
Very scary. Don't go.
Stay in the trash cans. 
Everything! Loved the singing. I loved Cats on Broadway, and I liked how they through a few funny parts in with Rebel Wilson
I loved it. I saw the play twice. Love the bNew songs and characters
I went to see this movie with two friends of mine on a wednesday at 12:50pm, so obviously it was only us in the theater. Never have we all had a theater entirely to ourselves. This allowed us to laugh, have fun, and ultimately let me enjoy the movie ten times more than I would have by myself. This is not a good movie, but it's a good experience, and although both my friends and I were skeptical, they both said they were glad they came.
From beginning to end an absolute delight. The costumes were amazing, the talent incredible and Judi Dench was the total frosting on the cake!!!
It's not a good movie. PERIOD
Brilliant film with some fantastic acting. It is a little shame about the mistakes with the CGI. However, it didn't ruin the film. This critics have been to harsh about this film.
It's as weird as you are hoping it will be. Great music and dancing.
The costumes were incredible. This is a true musical to experience!
it was sexually horrifying worst experience of my life if i could not even give this review a star i would
I honesty could not tell you what I watched, some had clothes, some were naked, some ripped their skin off, all were terrifying
WHY SHE BUILT LIKE THAT
I have never seen anything like this. Please go with a group of friends unsober and get ready for the ride of your lives. When the human-faced cockroaches appeared I died I am writing this review from the grave.
Its incredible in a scary horrible way.
Wonderful - brilliant dancing, fabulous singing.Loved it.
I don't understand why so many people question about the plot and CGI, saying the plot is naive bla bla bla.To me, the plot is quite tally with the original musical with minor changes.If you are a fan of musical Cats, you will enjoy the movie although some of the actor should sing better
I've seen theatrical productions of Cats at least 9 times and I loved the transition to the cinema.New character, and new song both helped to round out the story line.Don't let the critics keep you from seeing this movie.
It's an unusual story, with good music. It isn't as impactful as the Broadway show was, as it moved rather slowly, but it was OK.
Likedany scene with Judy Dench in it The 'Memories' segment.Excellent.The rest of the .moviewas just OK.
It was good. I never saw the play to compare. I love musicals!
horrible film, would recommend for a laugh. a few possible highlights james corden as an obese cat named Bustopher Jones singing the line i am remarkably fat whilst traipsing down an alleyway in a tuxedo of which the buttons were bursting at the seams. and earlier showing rebel wilson as Jennyanydots scratching her nonexistent feline crotch in complete silence for a overwhelmingly long 5 seconds
I haven't laughed this hard since Sharknado!
if you have seen the broadway play you will love this movie!if havent seen the broadway hit you probably will not enjoy unless you enjoy musicals.very similar to broadway hit with some small changes to the original musical score but very enjoyable!
If you have seen a professional performance of Cats and love the story and songs,this was a wonderful transition to movies. Beautiful sets and performances!!
I love love loved it. Jennifer Hudson was absolutely wonderful her song made me cry right along with her and all the rest of them did a good job I enjoyed the movie very much if you like musical dancing singing it would be great
Boring, I walked out.
I loved it!I knew the simple story, the stage show, the music etc.It was true to the book and the stage show.What did everyone want? The story to be re written? Other people's negative thoughts don't put ME off going to see a movie. I make up my own mind.
It dragged, I felt as though the movie was desperate and just through everything all in one take. It was just disappointing.
I can only hope that there are more movies like this.
It was beautiful and warm story
I didn't hate it... is that a compliment? Okay for starters, I think being a cat lover helpswith the appreciation of this film. Many cat characteristics are portrayed quite well. The music is definitely hit and miss...leaning more towards miss. Yet for this being my first time seeing it,I must say.... I think this is the version to see. I don't think I would have enjoyed the stage version nearly as much. The various sets and locations in the movie are part of what kept my attention. Just not a fan of musicals where you're not inspired to sing but one or two of the songs.
It was so bad, I had to see it twice. I saw it right when it came out and again on January 6th and both times I was completely disgusted by what I had witnessed. That movie left my mind in a state of chaos as I tried to comprehend what horrid thing I had just seen. After leaving the theater the only thing I could say for certain was that "a cat is not a dog".
The acting, singing, and costumes were spot on!!!! We LOVED it. Sometimes the camera would move so fast it was dizzying...especially at the beginning scenes. That seemed to improve as movie progressed. The scenes were excellent!!!
Just saw the film and it was truly magical The singing and dancing were amazing 
I wish I'd seen Cats when I was a little kid. That's when it would have truly haunted me. It would have been my favorite movie. It's dark and strange and funny and beautiful. I loved it.
The music was awesome, after you get used to how the cats look, the dancing is entertaining and the plot was strange but interesting.
Some of the worst CGI aside, the story, characters, and music range from boredom, to absolutely terrible.
Hot mess but campy fun. I was entertained and enjoyed it 
Quite possibly the worst movie of the year! What utter crap!
I actually loved this movie, everyone talks about the CGI but nobody talks about ANYTHING else and it's stupid. That's my honest opinion.
Didnt finish but the first 10 minutes were pretty bad. Girlfriend had a heart attack and we left after that. 10/10 would watch for the first time again.
I wouldn't say 4 stars makes a movie awesome nor does 3 stars deserve to be a passing time. Overall it was good.If comparing to the musical, you can't.The musical will always top the movie.Worth going on $5 Tuesday!
Was excited to see this, and then when I did I wanted to tear out my eyes! Why human faces? This film belongs in the litter tray. Oof
Loved it.Took my 5 year old granddaughter and she was able to follow the story.She said it was awesome.
I thought it was GREAT!It is so much better than on a stage.I could appreciate theartistry of the make-up and wardrobe.The musical performances were awesome.The set design and lighting, i could admire it up close.One of my all time favorite movies.I will see it again in the theater!
It seemed very long but Im not used to theater productions
Super ugly and extremely boring. Oh moments of beauty laced throughout in the orchestral scoring and Jennifer Hudson's two takes on Memory.
Really nice cinematography, dancing and good cast. Very entertaining!!!
Literally the worst movie Ive ever seen. My mom maintains Good Burger was still worse, but I vigorously disagree
This movie is so bad. So Bad. 5 Stars
Unbelievable movie really enjoyable! I feel those who are quick to judge negatively maybe haven't seen the theatre production which is rather unfair. Shame it's been badly reviewed. I give it 10/10 for its homage to the amazing theatre show I have seen many times.
If you like bad movies, this one is for you!
What's the point of making bad movie of my favorite animal??!??!?!??!
I thought everything was awsome.Have seen stage version 3X and didn't know how it would work on the big screen, but I thought it was fabulous.Jennifer Hudson stole the show.
Beyond just bad. Saw play shouldnever been on screen
Off putting at first, first 15 minutes weird, gradually engaging, finally breathtaking.
I am so excited this musical came to the big screen!The costumes andmake up was excellent.the story was good and the performance...well done.
Fun,'lively, great singing and dancing
Art isn't always easy. But it is so often worth the struggle. When we look back on the history of cinema, there are innumerable examples of great pieces of art that challenged even the most open-minded movie goers. Critics and audiences alike are so often moved to emotion by cheap cinematic charades, flashy works more similar to a fireworks display or rudimentary puppet theater. Cats is none of those things. Cats is a movie that dares its audience to put aside convention, and look deeper at what a movie could, and should be... while just as often exploring what, perhaps, a movie should not be. Will it go down in history as one of the great triumphs of the 21st century? Not if you measure its worth in money earned. But if you want to measure a film by its willingness to present the audience with something extra-ordinary, in almost every sense of the word... then Cats may be the greatest film in our lifetime.
Great singing, dancing and atmosphere. Quirky though that was expected. So glad I went.
Cats is one of the worst films i ever seen in my life
Boring, lyrics were not easy to understand because of loud music and slurred words. Half of what was sang all ran into one long word, which was indistinguishable.
In light of all the hate that Cats the film is receiving, I thought I'd weigh in with my two cents. People are so quick to throw shade, but rarely consider the successes of a film such as this. Many of the reviews I've read, bang on about the terrible CGI, which is a fair point. The hybrid blend of human and cat remains jarring and rather unnerving throughout the film. But it could be argued that if you were to look at the original stage musical, you'd see that those costumes are pretty out there' and jarring too. People are acting as catswhat did you expect?! The problem seems to be that with film, we expect to be absorbed into the world the film creates, so that the fantasy normalises for us and becomes real. The human-cat hybrids make this complete immersion nigh impossible unfortunately. But if Hooper chose to completely animate the cats in order to negate this uncanny valley' effect and help us accept that these are actually cats, this would also remove the authenticity of emotion and human connection as well as the weirdly magical essence of this cat musical! The use of CGI was always going to be a tricky area to navigate. Hooper spent seven years trying to work out how to turn the actors into cats, some might say that after seven years, the result should be better, and I would agree that he could have incorporated more simple stage make-up strategies from the original musical, to blend human into cat, better. A simple addition of the nose, eyebrows and more prominent whiskers would've helped enormously. But he does point out that he tried prosthetics and it resulted in a covered face which hides the emotion of the actors, and CGI allows the movement of the ears, which adds significantly to the emotions of the cats. With regards to characterisation, there were moments when the cats' movements resembled those more akin to an ape. In stage musical versions, actors spend weeks just perfecting the movements of these felines. Aerial views of the cats in the opening scene show them moving in an ape like manner and sees Munkustrap running down a wall, which I personally have never seen a cat do. They would jump. Surely. Movements such as these could have been reworked. Credit needs to be given when credit is due however, and I think people fail to acknowledge the successes of this film over the original stage production. For one, the film gives the viewer a much clearer idea of location. The CGI helps the viewer follow the story because the changes of location are more fluid and certainly clearer. It helps us to understand where the cats are and where they are from.The characters' emotional journeys are also portrayed better on film. Specific mention must be made to Mr. Mistoffelees (Laurie Davidson) who sings, dances and talks throughout the film, as opposed to only dancing in the original musical. The film techniques allow the emotional rise and fall of this scene to really be executed beautifully. We see his vulnerability in this important moment. The same can be said for Grizzabella, although I didn't love Hudson's poppy rendition of the beautiful classic "Memories", I did think the desperation of her circumstances was excellently portrayed. Her continuously runny nose did freak me out though, if they're going to take the time to edit fur onto her face, then remove at least some of the snot, for goodness sake. I know it's all very emotional and everything but, euw.Many reviewers have complained about the plotline of Cats. The strange antics of cats performing in order to get to the Heaviside Layer (where the cats can enter a new life and come back as a better cat, ie reincarnated I guess), the cockroaches and the dancing mice. But one cannot fault a film for the plotline of the original musical. I do strongly feel that if more of these film reviewers went back and watched the stage production, they would understand better and appreciate what an impressive job has actually been done in some places. It must also be added that all of the singing and dancing is live action. Nothing is pre-recorded and very little of the dancing is digitally enhanced. What the viewer is witnessing is Royal Ballet Company principle dancers (Francesca Hayward, Robbie Fairchild and Steven Mcrae) singing live, many of them for the first time. I think that's pretty darn impressive. Mcrae in particular, should be on Broadway, his tapping and singing is sublime!Haters keep commenting that the film is an over sexualised version of the musical have you seen the original musical?? Its accurate! Cats are sensual beings, they stretch luxuriously and purr and rub against each other. Dancers too, are pretty comfortable with their bodies, strong and flexible, and they were wear skin tight lycra body suits for crying out loud! Yes, maybe that's sexy, whatever floats your boat, but that again is actually staying true to the original. All in all, the film was far from perfect but they gave it a good go and it definitely is escapist if you give it a bit of wiggle room. It also makes me respect musical theatre stars even more, because many of these pop stars did not do the musical justice. I think there is a lot of credit due to this film and it certainly doesn't deserve the heaps flack its received.
Very good cast and it was great movie
definitely crossed the line into so bad it's good territory.I'm picturing this turning into a cult classic with midnight singalongs.I'm a child of the 80's from NY.This is just in my blood.
it was pretty painful - I'm so sorry - I don't like being negative, but I wanted to run out several times.It was waaaaaaaaaaaay to long for no reason.I'll stop there...because I don't want to continue to be negative.I really wanted to like it :(
In my opinion it was very boring. I normally enjoy musical films and broadway shows,but this was not my type.
Just saw the movie musical "Cats" and I rather enjoyed it. It reminded me of the old elaborate Busby Berkely musical numbers, but a more updated version of them. Judy Dench is perfectly cast as Old Deutoronomy, newcomer Francesca Hayward dances beautifully and does an admirable job as the abandoned stray cat. Jennifer Hudson as Grizabella, does a wonderful rendition of the song "Memory". I first saw the stage production of "Cats", at the no longer there Shubert Theater in Century City, and enjoyed the elaborate staging. But had a hard time hearing what they were singing. In this version, it was great to be able to hear and fully understand what they were saying and singing. It also brought back good "memories" of living in London and stumbling out of the bars and discos at 2 am, into an empty Trafalgar Square or Piccadilly Circus. While "Cats" the movie is not Purr-fect, it is very enjoyable and not the Cat-tastrophy (puns intended) I was expecting.
Fantastic! Love the costumes, actor, music and the background scenes.
Loved it, can't wait to see it again.
Jennifer Hudson and Tayler Swiftsinging was the only worth things to see/hear
I went because I was curious, and I loved it! I grew up on Eliot's reading of practical cats. I had some familiarity with the music, but hadn't seen the stage show. if you have ever wanted to be a cat or if you love cats you will like. it lost a star for the cockroaches.
Keep in mind that this is a musical and done more in Broadway style than actual movie style. It is obviously not going to be the same as the original but it is not a bad movie.
It was boring. hated the storyline.
Hahahaha.... stupid!
Loved the costumes, music and dance
The music and choreography are exemplary in every way. My mistake was taking 5 and 7 year-old granddaughters. the 7-year-old was attentive but did not understand the concept. the 5-year-old fidgeted the entire time, walking in the aisles and operating her recliner constantly. While there were only two others in the theater (who were not bothered by the energized 5-year-old), I would NOT recommend this production for young children. Every word was sung, and children needed everything explained. But for those who love the stage and top-notch performances, this film is glorious.
Hilarious new additions, Jennifer Hudson's performance was flawless, same weird plot, great dancers
I'm just glad I eventually woke up from this two hour long fever dream.Now I pretend it never happened.
I didn't see the play so my review is based only on the movie.It seemed to lag a bit after the first few minutes but then you were drawn in with the continuing story and music/dance.The story tears at your heart.Worth seeing!
This is one that should be seen on the big screen.If you like the Broadway score and if you like dancing, this is magical.The feline movements are awesome as is the set design.I want to see it again.
Very slow developing. They didnt get much right and the size differences was so bad it distracted from the movie.
Slow start, strong finish.
The first half hour was very bizarre and disjointed. The musical itself is, however, the lack of cohesion made everything random and out of place. I enjoyed the last hour. If the first half hour was reworked, it would overall improve my rating. I loved the music and the cast. I love Rebel and James, however it seemed very out of place if they wanted to have cohesion or a sort of plot.
Great singing and dancing way better than I expected
Loved it if I would of know how good it was would of seen it on Broadway all those years ago.
As bad as everyone said it would be. Thought it would be comically awful- was just weird.
Plot is average but that's how the musical was created. This is simply putting the musical on the big screen. Performance is stunning. Love it!
I enjoyed it - not as bad as the reviews. Puts a new spin on the stage show & music is still great.Yes the cgi is a little odd - a bit too much flicking of cats tails & faces could have been a little more cat-like. However if you ignore that, it's an enjoyable bit of fun.
this movie was fantasticrather than murder and special effects real art and a fantastic storytotally goodI can't get the stars above to work on my mac but I'd give it six stars for sure
Great story, beautiful sets, amazing costumes, incredible cast
Grotesque CGI...maybe see it with a group just to riff on it.
I had no idea what this movie was about.Singing the entire movie!!!
I do not understand how this trash was released! How did the hollywood "film experts"possibly think that this was fit to come out in the state it is in. Sharknado was batter than this film and I hated that movie.
Iconic. Andrew Lloyd Webber is an artist. This movie is the history of cinema.
I wish I could rate this movie ZERO stars...
Wasted 2 hours of my life.
This beyond anything is a fun movie. Very few movies now of days are willing to take a risk. This movie took a huge risk! It went a bit to far to capture all of the audiences attention, but it certainly paid off for me. I really enjoyed this. I left feeling happy. Very few movies can do that.
It starts out a little slow, but the music is priceless!!!!!!
I had heard only negative comments about this movie. I knew it was based on a Broadway musical and enjoyed it.
It was terrible and Im so upset because I wasted 10 and only watched for 15 minutes .
The movie casts is wonderful. Great dance, song, costumes, and expression. Good ballet, modern dance, tap, and talented songs. You do have to remember is a pure musical and since it has cats it will be a little weird.Bravo bravo. Makes me wish I did more dance when I was younger and more limber. Before it is no longer playing go give it a ses if you like song and dance.
What the fuck is this.
This film carried the same magic and ludicrous confusion as the musical, and it's all I expected or wanted.
It's all about the music!I loved the realistic attributes of the cats. Very lifelike!Took my mom for her birthday. We both loved it.
Cats was ok. I was very disappointed that some kids snuck into the theater and were very loud. I had to tell my 7 year daughter that was very rude behavior from them. They almost ruined the movie for us.
Not my favorite musical in terms of storyline, but great singing, dancing and choreography, as well as amazing make up and costumes. Very entertaining.
CGI was atrocious and if youve seen the musical youre lucky because the movie was a drag.
No entend bien de qu se trataba la pelcula. Muy densa la trama para 1h y 50min. Fue prcticamente 1hora seguida de musical sin parar y con dilogos que no se entendan, y cuando haban dilogos sin msica tampoco se entendio. :(
Never again am I seeing such an horrid movie
this movie had no story to it ik its all based on a play and poems but it wasen't my type also putting a bunch of famous ppl wont make it any better just shows how desperate the movie is for fame
It's really bad for the first half hour. Then it gets better and moving.
Wow what a hot mess! Cant hear enough from colleagues of mine how horrendous it was, so I had to see it for myself. Oh god I wish I hadn't as I CANNOT unsee that.Awful remix of songs, like how the hell can you make some of thoses songs worse, they weren't all great to begin with and they've managed to wreck them even more, flat notes all over the place and seems to be more comedy/jokes than actual story-telling.Also, why are people moaning the white cat is white, when she is black in real life... It's calledf being a character, or actor (actress)... She is playing a character called "The White Cat" so yes she is made to look like a white cat, not a black cat with white, not a white cat with black, but a WHITE CAT! Bored of seeing negative comments about a black girl playing a lead as a white character in a movie, well done to her I say. That's the least of the problems in this movie anyway.Some characters were fun, about 2, but then they got old real quick and was back to watching an awful fan-made-esque CGI film, wait even some indies do a better job and the CGI, this was just next level uncanny valley.DELETE IT and never let it see daylight again...
loved it, will watch again tomorrow at 12:40p 1-7-20
Nothing short of a masterpiece!
If you liked CATS on Broadway and/or you like one or more of these three things felines, dance and Andrew Loyd Weber, you cant go wrong!Lets face it, 90% of movies today are not entertaining or worth what we pay to view them in the theater.CATS is at least entertaining and the members of the cast are obviously very talented, so these 2 elements are worth your money in my opinion!I only wish there was half this much talent displayed in the movie industry.
It just seemed to drone on and on. Jennifer Hudson singing Memory was the only redeeming quality. And I really wanted to like it. I love musicals but this one missed all the marks.
Unlike anything I've ever seen in a theater. This is quite the experience and while it's not for everyone, it was very entertaining to me!
My son loves cats, and we enjoyed this light flic together. Critics are harsh, but I never saw the show on Broadway so wasn't expecting anything. It was fun.
I've read lots of reviews of people saying that this is such a bad movie, but that's not true! Don't believe it. I'm happy I ignored them and went to see it for myself to decide..It was such a joy!! Throughout the whole film I was smiling. I never liked the stage version and I'm a huge musical freak, so I had no idea what to expect and had my doubts about going to see this one. I now finally understand the story, thanks to this movie, and appreciate the music much more!!! The colors and sets were breathtaking, the music sounded like heaven, and the actors were brilliant. Love that they casted new actors too. The CGI really wasn't bad. People need to stop complaining and realize that these cats are magical cats. They aren't the cats we keep as pets. They are Jellicle Cats' and do not have to look like regular cats. Have people lost their imagination?? They didn't frighten me at all, as some people said. Amazing what they can do nowadays, especially with the fur and cat ears. Conclusion, just go see it for yourself. Everyone has its own taste. This movie certainly doesn't deserve all these bad reviews and money loss. I've seen far worse movies than this. I suggest before seeing it, to look for the story online and use your imagination while watching it ;) Enjoy this beautiful dream!
It was pretty much a direct adaptation of the on-stage production I saw many years ago but with better sets and production value.I was expecting the worst from the reviews, but we actually enjoyed. It was true to the original story and songs.
This movie was better than the critics said. It gets better as the movie goes on.
I thought the score was just like the broadway play. The actors and actresses were wonderful. Jennifer Hudson brought me to tears.
I can understand why most people wouldn't like this movie, as there is very little dialogue, practically no plot, and it's confusing. That's because it's a PLAY, a fantastic musical theater production, and doesn't translate well as a movie.While nothing compares to live-action theater, I really enjoyed this movie! The costumes were superb, the singing and dancing were fabulous, and the cat acting was wonderful. I loved the little feline nuances in body movement, and the ear & tail movements greatly enhanced the acting. It was very well performed, an awesome job by everyone. Just unfortunate that most people can't appreciate it.
this movie is as crazy as the reviews say but i highly recommend coordinating a group to go see it as a 'sing along' which is what we did - and it was SO FUN. More of a Rocky Horror experience. You gotta see it to believe it.
If you go into Cats expecting it to be bad, it can be quite fun to laugh at, even if you laugh at it for unintended reasons.
I liked it, inspite of the bad reviews, it's worth seeing for yourself.Expect a lot of singing. Not a horrible thing.
Loved Cats.The choreography was great.Digital costumes did not bother any of the 9 members of our group.
The only thing ok with this film is the music and some of the choreographies. Nothing more. Really.
Critics must be in some mass negative hysteria. The movie was enjoyable. If you like Cats in the theater, you will enjoy the music and the visuals. In fact, the thin story is actually clearer than in the play. If you like the play, ignore the critics.
Too much singing not much of a plot
What a waste of time and parking at the movies.I had to ask for my money back, because this was trash.I have taken better trash to may trash can than this pile of malarkey.
Terrible movie. No story line. Basically a musical ballet. Nothing movie about it. Dont waste your hard earned money!
sing talking. nearly put me to sleep.
Just no. Horrifyingly bad in every context.
Its exactly what its supposed to be. It was always a musical about people who look like cats in leotards.
Great music great dancing
I thought that it was confusing and too sad and dramatic. I was underwhelmed and not entertained. The songs were a bit over exaggerated and I did not enjoy it. I am also not a huge fan of musicals so that may have played a part in my opinion.
Absolutely horrendous. Scarier than Midsommar. Worst movie Ive ever seen. Horny human cats running around the screen, no consistency regarding the way the human cats looked. Terrible.
worst movie in a long time
Cats is a great Broadway show.It did not lend itself to the big screen.
I love Judi Dench and James Corden and thought it would be impossible for these 2 to be in a bad production. This film proved me wrong, it'sdreadful, awful, weird. On to avoid
It was weeeeeeeeeeird. CGI on the feet while dancing was terrible. I wanted to like it. My 5 year old loved it.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. My children even hated it!
I liked the story line, music, cameo appearances, and the acting, especially Judi Dench. It was good and exceeded my expectations.
Oh no it's terrible. But it has The Room and Rocky Horror vibes. The experience is elevated the closer you are to the screen. The entire movie was the worst part. This was an unintentional beautiful disaster. I saw it twice.
If you liked the broadway play you would love the movie!!!!!!
Wow. Weird, trippy, and nonsensical from a narrative standpoint. Mostly bad songs with an episodic "story" structure. Frenetic editing undermines the choreography. Interesting to look at and I appreciate the effort but I understand why it hasn't connected w audiences or critics.Only for hardcore fans.
awful. just not as entertaining as the Broadway show
Choreography and makeup to turn humans into cats was great! My ten year old granddaughter really enjoyed it!
I liked it but I think its its a girls movie
I loved it! I raise Maine Coon cats and can't wait till it comes out in video so I can watch it over and over
I really tried hard to like it. But it was just terrible. The size of the cats constantly changing, their hands would have fur one second and not the next. There was no story. Basically every song was just an introduction to the next cat..
Disappointed overall. Ian McKellan, Judy Dench, and the actress that played Victoria were the highlights
Ok it is a mixed bag. The main folks who will probably see this movie are fans of the play who want to see how they adapted this to film. They are similar but have a few key differences. One is Macavity plays a big role instead of just showing up for a couple of minutes and some cats are doubtful of themselves which is not in the play at all. The character Victoria takes the place of the audience and so the cats spend most of their time singing to her.The CGI is off putting at first but is consistent through the film so in a way it does work to keep from breaking the suspension of disbelief. The music and dancing are great for the most part, the actress who playsOld Deuteronomy just basically speaks her songs which was a turn off but she was the only one. They kept a large scale of cats in the shots which I liked because the play is meant to be viewed as a large ensemble and not a single character like a lot of these Broadway to film productions like to do. Basically if you love the play there are a few things you might not like but over all the movie stays pretty true to it. The good singing and dancing over ride the parts that are lackluster.If you enjoy musical show tunes you will probably like this film.
The original musical is one of my all-time favourites and I was disappointed to see that the film was given terrible reviews on its release. However, when I finally disregarded the reviews and decided to form my own opinion, my initial thought that it was nowhere near as bad as what the critics were saying. I thought much of the film captured the essence and emotions of the musical and much of the cast gave a great performance. No, it isn't perfect, and I understand people's chagrin towards the CGI. Still, you mustn't let the CGI put you off, it is a really fun family film and I believe that if you saw and enjoyed the original musical, you may enjoy this!
It gave me nightmares
The ears and tails never stopped moving. The sets were weird. The cast was impressive, but I felt bad for them because they were in such a bizarre production.
Fair, fun night w my daughters but movie sucked
I couldn't understand the first group signing in the beginning but when each cat did it's own song and then others joined in it was great.LOVED the Throw Away Cat lady...she was beautiful in her costume, danced and sang beautifully.She eyes were so expressive.
The movie was so bad it kept you surprisingly entertained, but also liked to spit in your face quite often. Also what the hell is Jellicle?
Not so bad that I would walk out like some reviewers said. Definitely a musical, and what I would expect from a stage to movie reproduction. The size ratio was weird, they made the actors small like cats but it did not work with the sets. The sets were cool but that's the best thing from the movie. Big name actors but not something I would pay for. A movie you watch on Netflix maybe under the influence of a psychedelic or a lot of weed.
Disappointed,not as good as original movie and not anywhere near Broadway play
I thought it was brilliantly beautiful and a fun time.
The performances were great and the costume and scenery and special effects were pretty spectacular.I enjoyed it.
Costumes were distracting!! People Cats!!!Dancing was great. Acting was great. Singing was good.
Movie never explained anything. Felt like the writer/director was on acid. I was watching an acid trip
The music. The dancing, the costumes all were excellent.Dont listen to the critics. Its a good movie
Disappointing. Missed opportunity for greatness. Music was good but connectedness was loss. Favorite songs were omitted and screenplay was choppy.
It was just terrible.The only good part was Jennifer Hudson.
Biggest waste of money ever!
Time flew it seemed like we had only been there 30 min and it actually was 2 hrs.My daughter also loved it.
Great music, dancing and acting!
It was horrible and boring. Nothing like the musical
I saw it out of morbid curiosity on Friday night. I had heard the reviews and wanted to see for myself. I have seen the stage production years ago and I thought this was very true to the original. That said, THE ORIGINAL IS ALSO WEIRD. I think a lot of the reviews are from people unfamiliar with the LSD trip that is Cats. I've also read the T. S. Eliot book and it's weird too. The one thing that bothered me about the film was the scaling. These are supposed to be cast in a human-sized world, but a lot of the things were either too large, or too small to be appropriate for an average sized domestic shorthair. For example, when they're tap dancing on the rail road rail, the rail is way too wide, and the bed Rebel Wilson flops on is too small. Proportions are all off.
Music and dance were great. Not my favorite musical.
Not a very good movie, when you watch the you tube video of the Broadway production, it is much better than the movie.
Boring, uncomfortable, confusing, pointless.
I really enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to view. Most of the the negative press focuses on the appearance of the characters (and yes, the hyper realistic cat-human mutant thing definitely is a bit weird), but it's pretty much exactly what the Musical theatre version is. Aside from that, the movie greatly elaborates on the Musical and the performances of the title characters, especially Judi Dench's and Jennifer Hudson's character, are worth the watch.
Loved the actors and actresses. If you like theatre then you will like this movie.
It was AMAZING!!! I went with my mother, my 18 year old son and my 11 year old niece and we all enjoyed it So much. We couldn't have asked for a better movie. Amazing acting! Mega vocals
absolute garbage with minimal effort in storytelling. Appaling
Damn the critics, I liked it! CATS isn't a great film, but it's as good or better than any movie musical I've seen in the last 10 years. I enjoyed it more than LA LA LAND and THE GREATEST SHOWMAN, to name a few. I don't understand what the naysayers were expecting this to be.
I liked the costumes, the dancing and Jennifer Hudsons singing.Otherwise, I really had a hard time following what was going on.
I really enjoyed the movie other than the people sitting in the row behind me, loudly mocking it the entire time. The cast had a lot of great people in it and I thought everyone did a nice job. I feel like the reason people are giving it bad reviews is because its a little quirky, but thats how the original play has always been. Maybe it works better on stage? Im not sure, but in any event I thought they did a nice job and I dont regret going.
loved the music and the performers
A fantastic musical, portrayed relatively well with the stars doing the best they could.
I liked it.If you like musicals, love Broadway, and can appreciate the art of the movie then you may like it too.I agree with another rating- go see it for yourselves not for what you think it may or not be about.
Seemed like a slow akward start. The movie got better as it went on. Liked best the midpoint to the ending. The actors were great overall.
My little granddaughter and Ifound it very boring. There was just no substance to the movie. However, we thought the movie stars did thebest they could.
I loved it. Don't know what everyone was watching. It was very entertaining. Singing was fantastic. Dancing was gorgeous. Music was beautiful.
This movie is more for the theater and music audiences. Don't be too quick to judge it based on the the reviews and the initial reactions you have to the trailer. The digital effects in my opinion are less uncomfortable than the costumes they use in the original production. Take reviews with a gran of salt and experience it for yourself.
I loved the entire show. Beautiful music, wonderful vocals and the dancing superb. No this is not the theater rendition understanding that would be hardly possible. However standing on its own it isa great performance and if you like musicals do not miss this one. And as for Jennifer Hudson she gets a 10 period
Ive heard the criticisms but I have to say that, aside from a few misses within the supporting cast and some issues with the CGI, I thought the production was well done.Did they LOOK like cats?Ummm, no.They werent cats.They were performers that represented the many different characteristics of cats.I thought the majority did a fantastic job of it.One of the complaints I heard was that there was too much singing.I have to wonder if that individual has ever been to a musical!?I appreciated the talent of the individuals and enjoyed the show.
A beautiful show with so many talented actors, costumes like no other! Go see it. Even if youve seen it before on stage or elsewhere.
We LOVED this!! You need to be a fan of the musical to like it- but the film explains everything in the musical and we are going to see it again. I dont understand why all the negative reviews!!!
I love the stage production.Some changes made to make this a movie helped understanding the story, but overall the movie is a big fail (including dropping part of the stage production).I was very much looking forward to the film and the performances are ok, but they leave me wanting for significantly more...basically the actual stage production.This movie as a stand alone is ok, but it really does not do the story justice.
This was disjointed, confusing, and just not at all entertaining. Did not translate well to the big screen.
It was ok. Not my favorite musical.
It's a very enjoyable movie... I'm so glad i ignore critics' reviews.... The audience are better indicators of entertainment.
Jennifer Hudson's performance of "Memory" is alone worth the price of admission.
I loved it. Was thrilled to see and I had seen it on BROADWAY I'm the Wintergarden Theater.My 10 yr. Granddaughter loved Rumtugtugersuchcurious cat...Judi Dench was splendid as Old Deuteronomy as was Ian McKellan as Gus. Debra Korutz
I thought this was a fun movie and my daughter loved it!I watched a lot of the behind the scenes and all of the bad press running up to deciding on going, glad I did.Interestingly, the fur looked much better on the big screen in 4K and the movements of the actors and dancers coupled with the CGI ears and tails I thought was great!There were certainly some issues with the overall post production, but it didn't detract me.I think hearing all of the bad reviews, overall made the experience that much better, as the expecations were so low going into the movie.Would love to see it in 3D and their attempt to make it engaging with the audience, "as if it were live in front of you" was Ok.Not a perfect movie, but it was perfect it it's imperfections.
It's somewhat ironic that a film about people pretending to be cats should have so much humanity, but the story crafted around these songs is deeply meaningful. If you care anything about the power of kindness, belonging to a community or are moved by redemption, you will enjoy this film. The movie shows the results of good and bad choice making. Some truly great performances.
I had never seen the Broadway play.Even growing up in NY.I had always wanted to.It was nice to see it play out on the big screen.The dancing,singing ,and costumes were magnificent.It felt like I was at a live theater show.
It was poorly written, no storyline. The actors voices were sub-par and it was overall very boring.
Well it had high, low, and beautiful moments. The green screen technology was suspect attimes.
Contrary to what the critics say, I thought it was great.The critics thought Little Women was great and I thought it was B_O_R_I_N_G!!!!What the hell do I know?
The casting has been poor with many of the cast not being able to sing well enough to bring the musical alive. The stage version is so much better than this movie.
Of course, the music was great and the new song was so purrfect.Madam Drench was very good as Deuteronomy. Unsure about how timid the director made Mr. M.
It was not scary at all!!!
This movie was horrible. My husband and I left thirty minutes into it. Smh
Are you Jellicle? A celebration of CatsIf you can see but one movie in theaters this holiday season, make it Terence Malick's meditation on private morality, A Hidden Life. If you can see but one movie in theaters whilst tripping balls (LSD or mushrooms doesn't matter, dealer's choice) with a whimsical boner, see Cats. If you've ever yearned to partake in a dry orgy with the likes of Sir Ian McKellan and Dame Judy Dench, this film was made for you, though be forewarned that if you find edging a baffling concept, you'll find the chasteness of the film's considerable eroticism inevitably frustrating. When it comes to Hollywood gate keeping, Broadway has a history of being the oddest of Trojan Horses but its pinnacle achievement must surely be this adaptation of its longest running musical. Nothing about Andrew Loyd Webber's treatment of T.S. Elliot's book of (essentially nursery) rhymes was ever an obvious recipe for printing money, but print money it did, well into the billions for three steady decades to the unwavering consternation of critics who found it inexplicable that such an odd brew could hold such a grip over the Great White Way for so long, never quite grasping the spell it had cast over an unending line of mid-western tourists who knew a deal when they saw one (Cats was frequently part of a hotel or bus package) and who, upon returning to Clevland, would most certainly face the question: "Did you see Cats?" In this way, Cats was to NY what earthquakes are to LA - the first thing the folks back home are going to ask about. It is perhaps a bit of a marvel that Hollywood did not coming calling sooner, whether driven by nostalgia or, more likely, craven greed but the long wait is finally over and for a short time we have the privilege to witness its full might brought to bear on a tale that previously had been told only with spandex and audacity. Expect no character arcs. It's more a premise than a plot, a middle school talent show with furries, a potluck of (mostly mediocre) songs in which characters belt out their back story before largely disappearing from the story entirely. But for every moment of your life that you give it your attention Cats will regale you with spectacle. Aside from digitally removing actors' dick bulges, this movie holds nothing back. The cast seems genuinely to revel in the absurdity of what is asked of them. Humans embodied as cockroaches dance until they are casually eaten by humans embodied as cats. No one involved gives any hint that this should be deemed odd. Eventually, neither will you. There is a lewdness to the film but in service to no obvious end and in this way Cats embraces JJ Abrams' Mystery Box Theory in the most unexpected manner. I am genuinely envious of the audience members who never dreamed that their particular kink would receive the full Hollywood treatment on such a grand scale, that the powers that be might ever have deigned to throw some hundred million dollars and Taylor Swift at such a narrow fetish. This must truly feel like manna heaven sent. For the rest of us, the film offers an odd sexual Rorschach test and poses the question: how much effort will you make to not become aroused? And why not? If there is a scale for prudishness, let it henceforth be measured in Cats.I adore this movie with all my heart but days after seeing it remains a challenge to fully explain why. The visceral experience of watching the film is a delight but it is impossible to simply sink into the film's reality without also pondering the meta context of its mere existence. Cats is destined to become a cult classic which means that people will enjoy it because "it's so bad it's good." This is a pity. Liking this film ironically means you deny yourself the distinct and delicious pleasure of loving this film earnestly for all its singular quirks (think Princess Bride) and embracing it as a genuine artistic achievement. Instead, I urge you to marvel that such a film came to be and recognize all the ways in which it is a true miracle, if a minor one. Nothing on the screen is accidental, everything you see is a consequence of a chain of artistic choices by multiple people. Actors went to "Cat School" to practice and prepare. Meetings were held to discuss the depiction of genital regions sans genitalia. Anything that strikes you as bizarre is an invitation to consider the even more bizarre path it took to make it into the film. There are surprises aplenty on first viewing and each new bit of weird propelled me forward through the action like a laser dot dancing across the floor. The first screening I attended saw people leave in waves, some of them compelled to declare loudly, "it's soooo bad" but to those people I ask, "what expectations did you have for this film that have been disappointed? What did you want to see that would have left you satisfied from a musical of humans singing as cats?" It does seem that the places where people titter and express the most discomfort are the moments in which the actors lap milk from a saucer or nuzzle each other to express affection or hiss or meow with verve. Slighting the performances as too enthusiastically embodying cats seems the cruelest and most unjust of criticisms. This is a film that will defy any expectation you might have for it, including the hope of witnessing a train wreck - the film's relentless commitment to an artistic vision is absolutely brimming with love and care and a commitment to making something joyous that the creatively flaccid Rise of Skywalker (also in theaters) never aspires to. This film flies its freak flag at full mast. It is an odd thing to see real humans shoved into the uncanny valley but this actually happens less in the area of facial expression than when dance numbers shift abruptly from actual humans en pointe to CG stunt doubles that defy physics and lack weight when they jump and land. Indeed, the film would have been better served by "wire fu" practical effects in this regard. But that's picking nits and the animation of the cat ears to enhance the actors' performances truly offers something new and charming. I was quite taken with this quality of characters emoting with body language we understand as distinctly cat. The scene setting goes far beyond what can be achieved on stage without forgetting its roots. The surrealism that comes from constantly playing with the apparent scale of the cats may be off putting to some but it lends a dream like quality to the affair that is wholly appropriate. The choreography understand that the medium is film and accounts for the camera admirably and one is left wishing that room could have been made for a proper balletic sequence that made full use of Francesca Hayward's skills as a principal dancer of the Royal Opera House Ballet. Whenever she is in motion on the screen there is really nothing else to see. And she can sing too! The Songs: Hayward's rendition of Beautiful Ghosts is simple and spare, a song about longing stripped down to its bare essence and the highlight of the film. I wept. Beautiful Ghosts was written by Taylor Swift and Webber specifically for the film and it is a welcome addition. The Oscars snubbed it for its shortlist and the Academy Awards are poorer for it (they also chose Frozen 2's over the top Into the Unknown over its heart wrenching Next Right Thing, so I really don't understand their sensibilities at all). Mr. Mistofelees is a jolly sing-along number that wants an audience participation the way Tinkerbell wants applause. The scene is gamely shot and it takes a cold, cynical heart to feel nothing at the song's triumphant climax. Memories has always been the show stopper, the song everyone knows at least a little bit and instantly recognizes, the song you might choose at a night of karaoke. Sadly, the movie makes a mess of it, turning it into an overwrought, maudlin affair that tries to draw emotions from the audience the way you might wring water from a dish rag. Jennifer Hudson's considerable talents are wasted and it seems like a directorial error that fundamentally misunderstands the song. Go back and listen to the original Broadway cast recording if you're looking for the delicately soaring, almost lacey yet operatic ballad that lives in your, ahem, memory. While Francesca Hayward is a delightful discovery in her film debut it is Sir Ian McKellen who most wholeheartedly becomes his character. While Dame Judi Dench offers all the gravitas you've come to expect as a matter of course and it's alway just a joy to see her show up in something the part of Deuteronomy seems almost a cameo; McKellen is more playful with the role of Gus and crafts the only depiction of character that truly suggests a lived life beyond an assigned back story. It's actually quite astonishing how magnificently he elevates the role - there is a masterclass for acting students if they can look past the hokeyness of the material. There is an opportunity missed in not building the marketing campaign around the nonsensical question, "Are you Jellicle?" and I mourn the posters that should have been. But the film itself exists in not one but two theatrical cuts, the latter a patch of special effects that were unfinished on opening day. I hope the BluRay release includes both as well as extensive bonus features that lean into the true story of the making of. At some point, we've all wondered, "What if we gave the theater kids, like, a bazillion dollars to make a movie?" And lo, in this last year of the decade, the answer is discovered and lies beyond all prior human reckoning, a glory far exceeding what we deserve. Consigned as we are to live in this wackadoodle timeline in which the bears are Berenstain and most movie sequels are as feckless as the Grand Old Party, Cats stands defiantly as both consolation to and celebration of the human spirit. This film brings me joy.
.5 star for the visuals. Horrible though
Good movie but didnt understand some stuff they said but in general it wasnt bad
BOOOOORING!!!! I literally went to sleep! 
This movie was very boring. I had high hopes for it, but I thought my son and I would end up leaving or falling asleep. We managed to make it through, but neither liked it.
This was such a fun movie, not for one second was I bored. Super entertaining movie! Loved it, can't wait to watch it again on DVD!
Wonderful movie. Loved the balletic dancing - and the lightheartedness of TS Elliots original poems.
Never saw the musical or movie and thought it was fantastic.
we really loved the music, dancing and special effects- not sure the reviews were so merciless.m
It was weird but you know... its Cats the musical was weird so what do you expect
Absolutely fantastic.Captures both the intention of TS Eliotone of the masters of English literature and also of Andrew LLoyd Webberone of the all-time masters of music and musical theatre.Those who gave it a low rating did not understand the intention, or the culture.I will watch this multiple times.It's great to hear creative new vocal interpretations of those classic songs and poems.Everybody in the theatre sang along with the songs, applauded at the end of many of them, cheered when Old Deuteronomy chose Grizabella, and some danced in the aisles during the final credits.Thus attending the movie was a community bonding experience unlike any other movie ve seen in my life.
I cant understand the low rating.....its a movie adaptation of a musical stage play and fantasy world so yes, its all singing and dancing by actors in cat costumes. The singing and dancing were great and the makeup was fantastic. It wont be for everyone but if you like the stage play youll like this.
music great & acting even better
I thought it was great! The music, dancing, costumes, and cinematography were more than I expected.
Having seen the theatre production, It's easy to see what the filmmakers were trying to achieve. The technology may not have been 100% ready to take on this scale of CGI, but the expressions that were created as a result added an angle that isn't possible with costume as cats show emotion with their ears. Many comments have said that it constantly seems that the cats are on the verge of an orgy, but it's very similar to the dancing that you see on the stage as well. People have also commented that those involved didn't portray real cats very well, and it must be taken into consideration that this abstract and expressed through dance.The dancing is beautiful, using several forms of dance including ballet and tap. The slight modernisation of the classic soundtrack along with some stunning voices really made the film very enjoyable for me. I think it can be very strange and jarring to those unfamiliar to the stage production, maybe give that a watch before watching the screen adaptation.
I imagine this is what you see when you die from high fever and get dragged to hell.
this is why im a dog person
Loved the music, staging, costuming and the talent was phenomemal!
The movie was really funny.
It wasnt the musical and songs were added
This movie is terrible.
The worst musical movie. The worst performances. Bored. Overreacted. Poorly characterized.
I like the music and the actors. The makeup and customs were amazing and the actors movements as cats were believable.
Loved the movements of the cats & the music was great!
This is an unfinished movie. You can't even really follow the story because the sound balancing is terrible. I went with a group of friends for fun, and not a single person could really understand what was being sung because the instrumentation just blew out over the vocals. "Memory," for example, I know the lyrics to that song. It was impossible to hear it. Which is sad because you could tell that was supposed to be the best performance of this whole show. Human ears were popping in and out. Ian McKellen's face wasn't always properly catified at different points. Rebel was singing into a rope instead of her tail at one point. You could tell the rope was a prop to be CGI'd over. Then there's the whole issue with making this particular play into a movie. I don't think it converted well, CGI and sound issues aside.
Cats is nothing short of a pretty terrible movie, though it all works out.
It was ok not as good as theater production. The main problem was casting Jennifer Hudso I do love her voice but it was wrong for the part. Rest was ok worth seeing I saw the bad reviews befor seeing it so I did not expect much. It did when I saw beat my expectations and my wife and I enjoyed it more than we thought we would. Think the bad press and reviews are abit harsh
Was this movie as catastrophic as everyone was saying? No. Is this a bad film? Yes. Will it be one of the worst movies of the year? Probably. This movie adaptation of Cats had moments that I was quite entertained, moments that I wish to walk out, moments where I was laughing deep inside because of the stupidity of what Rebel Wilson, Ian McKellen, Jason Derulo and James Corden's characters did and moments where I was thrilled with the performances. This movie had a whole lot of emotions, good and bad, but it doesn't take away the fact that I was still utterly disturbed by their looks, physical appearance and movements. The plot could be confusing because the way it was pulled off was just not really good but it's actually just really simple. I have not seen the musical and while everyone was bashing the trailers, I'm one of the few that actually didn't mind because first of all, like I always say I'm a sucker for musicals, and I love the director because he directed one of my personal best movies of the decade with Les Miserables so I have my trust in him.. but this film just didn't quite work. I'm not disappointed with it because I wasn't really expecting anything but I gotta say I really dug Taylor Swift's performance. Some songs were great. I also give credits to Idris Elba and Jennifer Hudson which were quite good.. although Elba could sometimes be uneasy to look at. At the end of the day, should I recommend Cats? Probably not.. although like I've said, it's not a dumpster fire of a movie, had moments that I enjoyed, but for the most part it's just a really bad film.
Strange but I loved it! Ive seen the play so I understand what they were going for here, it just wasnt well thought out.
most commercial critics are dumb as dirt; if they had an artistic mind they would see the beauty in CATS; remember it's not a movie per say but a well made musical---- and very entertaining!
I didn't even see this movie, I can just tell by the trailer and the character design it's gonna be bad.
I loved the movie so much there where so many songs and cats two of my favorite things and if I had to pick the best movie I now of CATS is what I would choose.
Awesome music, acting, makeup and costumes!
A Broadway musical that didnt do well on the silver screen. Left before it was over.
Creative filming and costumes and choreography.Brilliant music. Critics missed the boat on this original creation.Loved it
It was better than I thought it would be. It hit me hard when Jennifer sang Memory and the movie had me shook. For anyone who likes musicals I would definitely watch it dont listen to what the public says just go. The dancing and singing was awesome. Just the only thing was the feet and hands but by far it was a wonderful movie
First I am no Film Critic (thank goodness)!!! I have been told I should be, LOL! Movies are way to escape from our day to day routine, and way to step into a world of imagination... Which is exactly what CATS is... In reading so many reviews that dogged(no pun intended) the CGI, dancing, and singing - please step back, and realize what it must have taken to get the ears and tails to move with the actors movements. We thought the ears & tails were "Awesome" in how they moved based on the emotion of the cat, and with the dancing. Was the dancing purrrfect, no, was it entertaining, YES very much so. As for the singing, remember not all the actors are also singers by profession, so don't judge that, concentrate on the song/meaning, The singing overall was entertaining. For those who walked out after the first 15 minutes (which is more to introduce you to the cats), then you missed what the story was all about, which is about a tribe of cats called the "Jellicles" who must gather "one night" every year to choose the "Jellicle choice" which is the cat who will ascend into the "Heaviside Layer" and come back to a "New Life", and how one conniving cat is determined to be the one no matter what he has to do to be the "Jellicle choice". The movie has humor, emotion that'll touch your heart, and some funny scenes... The audience laughed, and some even cried at some scenes due to the emotion and song. So all I can say please give the film a chance on the BIG Screen, make up your own mind.
Where to start?Dull, poorly acted, dreadful CGI, rotten performances..this is a giant hairball of a film. Dame Judi..how could you?Many of you won't have stayed till the end but the final scene is one of the worst things I've ever seen in a cinema...and I've watched George Clooney be Batman!
The music is awesome and the movie can't translate the human value of the play.Though you can't deny the talent and how great that is.It would have been better as an animated movie than a recreation of the play. Still enjoyed watching it.
The concept of Cats works perfectly fine on stage, but for film, it just doesn't have the same charm. Quite the opposite, in fact. Should've gone to a theatre with stronger drinks.
One of the best things about this musical is the song Memory. In this movie it was horrible. Wrong type of voice and wrong overall look. It was split into two parts and there was snot hanging from her nose. I really want to erase this version from my memory!! Otherwise the singing and dancing and sets were good. If you like the musical you may like this film.If you do not know the back story and are unfamiliar with the musical then you most likely will not like this film.
i'm horrified, idk what i just watched, a lot of problems of CGI as well, sad...
The costumes and makeup were amazing! And of course the music was grand!
I loved the costumes and the dancing. Very good show.
Ignore the cat calling from the rest, curl up on the sofa for a weird and wonderful trip, sauntering through cgi London with humans pretending to be cats. Fills out some plot holes from the stage musical, some bits I didn't like but overall I had a Cheshire cat grin on my face through most of it. It's weird, I loved it.
Entirely unintelligible. The whole movie was a horrible fever dream, more like a nightmare. I dont understand how its possible for a 95 million dollar movie to BUTCHER most of the music. Tell me why they made the cats look like that. I could see all of their human fingers and little toes and I DO NOT care for that thank you. I want to speak with every single monster that green lit this nightmare. I wish I could justify 0.5 stars but I cant, this movie is a 0 and I wish it never saw the light of day.
It honestly wasn't too bad!!! I think if someone has never seen the musical then they'll be expecting some dazzling storyline.... the musical doesn't have one so this certainly doesn't either. The CGI put me about a bit to be honest, at times I felt like I had motion sickness. I felt the level of CGI was unnecessary when you still leave all the characters with human fingers and toes! That being said, all the actors performances were great as was the dancing (with the exception of T-Swift!). A slight niggle for me was that Jennifer Hudson's version of memories didn't hit the mark for me. Her voice is so so strong that it was perhaps a little too strong for the song (a minor complaint at most because she acted a brilliant part). Overall I preferred this to the stage version.
Not enough dialogue. Dancing could have been better
I'm pretty sure everybody knows why. But it be fair, I also don't like the show.
You should see it live with people - it's baffling and odd and yet does something unique in film. It's like no show you've seen before, with incredible dance and punctuated with some great laugh out loud moments. If you try to take it seriously you'll be wasting your time. But as a spectacle it's hard to look away from. Continuity isn't really the aim as cat size varies from half a door tall to small enough to walk on train rails, but it wasn't aiming for that so it shouldn't be judged for that. I think this will be one of those bizarre cult classics because already the theater has a unique shared experience watching it together. I can easily imagine 5 years from now it'll be one of those shows they play every month or two and teenagers will go see like Rocky Horror.
The first half was dull, poorly mixed, and filled with bad CGI; I felt like leaving the theater due to how boring that first half was. The 2nd half was lively, interesting, and had a far better sound mix with some decent songs. Ultimately, I'm shocked that a musical had such a terrible sound mix, music was lifeless and meandering with no "oomph" to keep the viewer hooked. The opening alone was a train wreck of really bad decisions. A lot of the dialog as well, was difficult to understand and made me wish the movie had subtitles, it was just that bad.
Jennifer Hudson had brown acrylic nailsas a cat? Really? Wow.
The characters, the costumes and makeup, the music and just everything else about the movie was terrible!
Absolutely brilliant reproduction of Andrew Lloyd Webster's musical.A wonderful plotline of redemption, belonging and believing in yourself and others.The cast is filled with multi-talented singers (Grammy awards), dancers (principal ballet dancers) and actors (Oscars).
This movie is in no way good, but it's beautiful in its failure.
Excellent cast, they all did great! Music was really good, too. Not sure what all the negativity is all about. It's Cats...pretty much what I expected from knowing the musical.
My cats movie review: a trip on lsd, cocaine, and weed all at once.I'm ashamed to say this is the movie I've cried the most in. I almost threw up like 20000 times. The lines between humanity and the animal kingdom have blurred and I don't know how to get them back.
Most boring movie ever!!
I already knew this movie was going to be bad going into it, but god that was awful. I have never been a fan of the musical CATS at all and the movie was even worse. I don't understand the appeal of watching grown women and men singing and crawling around like cats.
This movie is an abomination.
Excellent acting and fabulous music
Really enjoyed this movie. It was a wonderfully strange play on broadway. Go in without expectations and youll be blown away!
Horrible, terrible and offensive.
Ive seen the musical 3-4x, the movie was the BEST
No, very bad cringy movie
There was very little I found to be anything less than amazing. I absolutely loved Jennifer Hudson. I even begrudgingly loved Taylor Swift, and I'm not a fan of her normally. The set and theatrics was awesome! The tails and ears actually moving made them feel more real.
Enjoyed the movie. The close up view makes a big difference when compared to the play. The play and movie are different. Loved the play but being up close to the characters in the movie was really nice. Something not possible at a live play.
The worst movie ever. Its so boring. I cant keep my eyes open. We all wish we didnt see or buy the tickets to that movie.
This movie was very underwhelming! With such a ginormous budget mediocre CGI. (All the cats had human hands like really?)Waste of money the audience was laughing the whole time. My only positive remark is the singing was good.
its about singing worst movie even create and butter movie
An experience. I thought it was really captivating and catchy :)
You have to have seen the original broadway musical or even the original movie to understand the love people have over this version. I thought it was awesome.Brought back memories of when I took my then 5 year old to see it live
It was wonderful.all the musics was beautiful. The dancing the best.Please dont believe the critics.I have seen the stage play about 6 or 7 times and I thought the movie was well done.
This movie was absolute nightmare fuel. The people in front of us in the theater were most likely drunk, and they were very loud while exclaiming things such as Grizabella, wipe your damn nose! and If I hear the word Jellicle one more time... In any other movie, I may have been highly irritated, but I feel like they enhanced the experience of this terrible fever dream for me. I suggest that you see it if you're looking for something to both laugh at and regret for the rest of your life.
By far the worst thing ever filmed.
i didn't hate, even though i'm unclear about goals of plot (what plot) ...impressive movie length choreography ...some great individual moments Ian, Dame, Taylor and the extraordinary Jennifer ...
Yes, it's deeply weird.But if you're someone with even passing familiarity with the stage play you'd have been disappointed if it wasn't.I smiled the whole time and would have sung along if that weren't a breach of decorum.
I thought it was great - music is terrific and the singing & dancing were superb. The cast is exceptional.I would think anyone familiar with the play and the score would find it extremely entertaining.
IN FULL DEFENSE OF CATS (2019)It's January 4th, and I just got out of a screening of Catsand I'm not sure whether it's (#1) my fully lowered expectations based on an almost unanimous critical and audience panning of this movie, or (#2) because I saw the stage musical for the first time this year and personally was genuinely confused by the plot or what was happeningbut I think it actually worked as a movie. Oh my gosh, he didn't hate it. #shocking, or something. Forever I have known Cats as the musical where people wear spandex and sing as cats on a stage, but really knew nothing more until this year. I remember watching the last season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, and Cats is used as a hilarious plot point, and then I got a little more of a glimpse at the freak show behind the curtainand what I gleaned from that was that the musical has gone past the weird, eccentric, artsy beginnings and has transcended past parody as being "that weird cats musical with that Memory' song", and now it is in that strange post-post modern period where it's just something that didn't need to be touched in any serious way, but now that it has been, it is in a new stage of parody - where people will fully brush it aside and laugh at the concept of it being made with their decision already made before entering the theatre, and may not want to recognize that it's actually pretty well done and accomplishes a faithful adaptation of the source material and visualizes it in a way that makes it more comprehensible and entertaining than the stage production. Hot take, I know. When I think about how the movie came to exist, I'm only working with hypotheticalsbut it seems to me like the movie musical we deserve right now from Hollywood. It's a star-studded cast, with a Oscar-caliber director with a history of Oscar-winning musicals, with Oscar-winner Jennifer Hudson singing the classic song, with new technology applied to actors and cool set designs. If this movie had come out 10-20 years ago, it would be nominated for everything, but now we think we're too cool for itso now it's garbage. It's funny, because last year Green Book won as Best Picture, and a lot of the same elements apply to people's criticisms about that movie. It didn't feel like Best Picture of 2018, it felt like Best Picture of 1998. The only main differentiators were that the director was a comedy director gone drama, and the writer ended up, let's say, stretching the truth about the story. But structurally, Green Book works as a movie, and honestly, so does Cats. Cats hate really feels like where we are in society right now - we're just really divisive and have made up our minds without ever really giving it a chance. It's like Cats is what a democrat thinks of when he turns on Fox News, and vice versa if you're a republican. We can't see past the poster, because we don't want to. Cats is it's own special kind of freak show, and we're in the mindset to reject the freak right now. Any real message of seeing the true side of someone's character in the Cats narrative is discounted, because we've all got a little bit of a fighting, close-minded bully in us right now. Now, in terms of adaptationsI feel like there is more to be said for what works in Cats. I remember leaving the stage production of Cats, and my review was "Oh, so it basically was a bunch of Cats singing introductory songs about each other" - and this movie takes that a step further and gives you the source material in a way that diversifies the visuals, expands the world into different environments, and makes the villain and general plot line comprehensible in a way that didn't initially strike me during the stage production. The source material isn't really conducive to a movie plot, because each song is a different cat, and it probably would work better as some kind of short-form multi-episode web-series than a movie if you really step back and think about itbut as a feature adaptation of the musical - it does the absolute best it could do in translating the magic of Cats to the big screen. All of the cats and the celebs playing them give personality to their characters, and you do get a sense of their celebrity enhancing the personality - whether it's James Corden or Rebel Wilson, or even a British-accented Jason Derulo. The plot is linear with a clear antagonist and a ticking clock set for a climax at the end of the evening - so in terms of watchability, it's not confusing narratively. The only thing to do to clarify the plot would be to put some kind of Star Wars type scroll at the beginning defining what a Jellicle cat is - because it's such an important part that can be alienating to someone who has never heard or seen anything about the musical. The effects were fine - I'm not sure if I saw the updated version or not, but I definitely did still see Judi Dench's wedding ring, but they weren't distracting. They felt like part of the style, and it was like they were animated cat people - which is the actual, obvious point. Did I feel like I was watching cats? No. Was I supposed to have the same feeling as the first time I saw Gollum in Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers? Absolutely not. We live in a world of CGI enhancements, and there's plenty of examples of imperfect effects in all movies - from the most mainstream Marvel movie to the Gemini Man "groundbreaking" character work. If something is rushed or didn't have the money behind it - it can look off. But nothing in Cats looked like The Rock in The Mummy Returns, and we can stop saying that it looks awful - because it doesn't. At the end of the day, it feels like Andrew Lloyd Weber was taking the right kind of drugs to find a human message to his Cats musical, and since 1981, the drugs have worn off. Now, we just replaced them with opioids, and we're addicted to something new - which is a brand of close-minded narcissism - because honestly, they made a movie about singing and dancing cats, and that's what you got. And Tom Hooper did a good job, because at the end of the day, he learned from his mistake of putting Russell Crowe in Les Miserables and didn't put someone who absolutely couldn't sing at all in this movie and that deserves respect.
Idris Elba was extra naked that shit was weird
This one s s great movie.The cats look good and the story is good.The new song, Beautiful Ghosts, is wonderful. Judi Dench is great, Ian McKellen is great!!!
Had to Google the plot because it was so obscure.
amazing cast! beautifully executed. the movement and singing were exquisite!
Honestly thought it was a good adaptation of the musical.I wonder if those hating on it have even seen the show!
Better then I thought, dont come see it as a serious movie come with friends and laugh.
Not your run of the mill movieIncredible costuming and makeup, talented actors and interesting storyline for those who really listen.
This movie is really good. The character development is amazing and there is a hidden message that you have to pay attention to get. There is a secret undertone message that is about racial acceptance and peace. The message is amazing and god created this movie.
I loved the dancing. It started out very slow and picked up midway through. I would not recommend this movie to a friend unless they loved musicals and dancing.
I thought it was fabulous! I am so sad to read some of the negative reviews and can only think they are mostly from people non-theatre people, or theatre people who didn't like the musical long before the movie, people who have very little understanding about the physicality of cats. Yes, there were parts that didn't stay true to the script, things they changed about characters/parts that I would have rather they left as the original, (& one vocalist/actress I would have changed) but overall I thought it was a great movie made for people who will never pay for that theatre ticket & I LOVED some of the add-on sets, like the cats having a good time messing up the bedroom, stealing the jewelry! If you're not going simply because of negative reviews, you're really missing out!
The railroad cat cant have my children like holy crappp. That thiccccc boiii *swoon*
I am so disappointed in the raising of this movie . Iam so happy I went despite the critics . Worth every pennyspent !
My husband and I love musicals but this was so terribly boring we both fell asleep within 30min and when we woke up we gave it 10min chance more. Just say it didnt get one tiny ounce better. Disappointed for such a star studded cast. We left the theatre ASAP 
Very long boring beginning.Did not get at all interesting until 3/4 way into movie
While this movie has received so much criticism, I found this movie very refreshing. It was nice to finally see something different and so well executed. The cinematography, the music, and the choreography was very well put together. This movie isnt for everyone, but if you have a love for musicals, interpretive dancing, and well - cats, I think youll love this movie very much.
I was apprehensive at first after everyone's intial disapproval, but after seeing it, I have to say it was quite good.I will agree that the computer effects were a bit overdone, but when others complained about the plot line, singing and dancing - that is exactly how the Broadway performance goes, so I actually enjoyed it!
I am so very, very glad that I made decisions based on MY gut feelings rather than by being a sheep and following what others think. We went to see Cats today and I absolutely LOVED it I've seen the musical three times previously and completely follow the story line. I felt the movie did a great job of following the musicals/T.S. Elliott story, although Macavity was more sinister in the movie and had unexplained powers. I also liked the addition of Taylor Swift's song she wrote for the movie, Beautiful Ghosts, because is applied so well to Grizabella and also also gave a little more insight into both Grizabella's character as well as to Victoria's. Ten out of 10...would see again.
cgi could be better but the whole thing is enjoyable
Worse than the stage production.
For all the people who say this is a bad movie, you have obviously never seen the Broadway show. This is an almost exact reproduction of the stage show with one new song and some speaking parts that were not in the original. It is a wonderful adaptation and definitely worth seeing.
That movie had no plotline, only music.
It was so bad it was funny. I would see it just so you can make fun of it. It is really hilarious how bad it is. I saw the play and this is very different. I would think of this as a comedy instead of a drama.
loved the music and dancing. never saw the play so this was wonderful
Liked music & dance story was blah
Great acting. The songs are obviously fantastic and I love the way they have done the sound so you can hear each individual cat. Fantastic choreography
Good production. Good acting.
the dancing and having so many actors singing the different songs
The camera work was terrible, you get confused where are the characters, who's talking and where are you basically. The story was kinda confusing cause they only explained the important facts once, and super fast. The song of Old Deuteronomy was soooo boring, in the musical, as it was opera, was a lot more energetic and made you feel compassion and understanding of Grizzabella, here instead you felt nothing, as this cat was just creeping in the window and started to sing alone)? THE SONG WAS SUPPOSED TO BE DIRECTED AT THE WHOLE CLAN...I am a fan of the musical, but this confused even myself, AND I ALREADY KNEW THE STORY LIKE WHAAT?
The first 20 minutes was draggy but after that the story was amazing! We loved it!
First time I've ever left the movie theater before a movie was over.Just couldn't get through it.Saw it on Broadway and the movie doesn't hold a candle.
Left before it ended.
Love it the music was great the acting was great and the dancing was great
I wanted to see this movie because it had such a star-studded cast. I actually hated the stage play when I saw it many years ago. Unfortunately, I found this movie to be spectacularly BAD!! The music is simply not good. The plot is ridiculous and it's more depressing than you would expect. A few dance numbers here and here offered moments of interest, but overall it was pretty torturous. Taylor Swift, Idris Elba, and Jason Derulo represented well, but were not in the movie enough to save it. Jennifer Hudson looks like she has a runny nose constantly and it was too distracting. Ian McLellan was really bad and Judy Dench offered a true low-light of her otherwise noteworthy career. I wanted to like this movie, but it was truly AWFUL!!!
Dragged on. walked out
Unfortunately, I fell asleep in the movies because it did not hold my attention. Ive watched movies based on operas before however, I was not captivated at all. I expected with having an all-star cast that it would be an all-star experience. Sorry. I wasnt entertained or engaged in the movie.
Fabulous! Incredible music, costumes and special effects! I felt like I had the best seat to a record breaking Broadway show! 
It was everything I imagined Cats would be. The CGI was horrible, but it didn't take away how much I enjoyed the movie. Also, Jennifer Hudson's rendition of Memory made me cry, she's so talented.
Omg!!!!!! Cats was AMAZING!!!! And I knew Jennifer Hudson was going to be AMAZING but OMG SHE WAS ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!!!! Everytime she sang I can chills!!!!!!! She definitely exceeded my expectations and more! And Judi Dench, and Taylor Swift, and Idris Elba, James Cordon, Rebel Wilson and everyone else was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!! Saw glad I got the chance to see it with my mom!
If you knew the stage play and liked the story this should not have disappointed you.I liked that they could animate the tails and ears.Singing was wonderful.Well done.
There were parts that were funny and then others it felt like a weird dream. The singing was phenomenal except when some didn't put the word endings on and you couldn't understand a thing!
If I give 0 stars I could. I was so uncomfortable, it felt like I was watching a porno but without the sex. This movie scarred me, I can never look at my cat the same. Please save your sanity and dont see this movie. 
Clawesome. Undemeowably life changing. 
If you like the musical, I think you'll like the movie.
I was expecting a very bad movie.It was a delightful interpretation of the original with some wonderful new additions.
Critics were unduly harsh.Not sure they knew who TS Elliot was or that it was written for kids.
This is an amazing piece of musical theater. Don't confuse this for a blockbuster movie...likely a reasonfor so many negative reviews. The dancing is exquisite, the story is heartwarming.
You know what they say about dog and cat lovers? The two shall never mix. If you loved Cats the musical, you will adore this too. Maybe all those mean critics are just dog people. But hey, can't you critics keep retract your claws and appreciate the stunning performances by Francesca Hayward (lead kitty), Jason Derulo, James Corden, Laurie Davidson, Steven McRae, Jennifer Hudson, et al. I just went for myself to see it. The cast singing and dancing is pure entertainment and beauty. (And yes, the purr-fect Hayward and sure-footed McRae dance with the Royal Ballet of Convent Garden in London! No wonder they are amazing).
Magical and fun. Channeled the Wizard of Oz at times.
The dancing and songs were amazing! The addition of Victoria helped the musical in its transition from stage to screen. Taylor Swift's new song, written alongside Andrew Lloyd Webber, was beautiful. Overall, this is a dance show where you have to suspend reality and not take it too seriously. I felt that the cgi really worked as a middle ground between having people dressed in costumes, like in the stage musical, and having completely CGI cats, which would have taken out the incredible dancing.
Substantially better than most reviews will suggest. I suspect that many reviewers are too hung up on the CGI and trying to one-up each other on dissing Cats to really be objective about it, particularly compared to the musical. That said, there is some weirdness in the CGI costuming, but the music and dancing is excellent.
Cats the movie has been pretty universally trashed, which somewhat added to the allure for me. My family and I went today and all thought it was really good overall. If you liked the musical, or T.S. Eliot in his glorious oddness, you will like this movie. The reviews bashing it are clearly people who just would never have liked it to begin with.That said, I do have some serious issues with the movie. I know reviews have insulted it enough, but I don't think that they have captured the actual problems. Here were my concerns:1. Mr. Mistoffelees is supposed to be black from "the ears to the tip of his tail." He was portrayed in the movie as a tuxedo.2. Macavity is a ginger cat. The lyrics tell us so. But he was solid black.3. Victoria is clearly a lynx point. Why weren't her eyes blue?4. How are there so many tabbies with missing Ms on their foreheads?5. Bustopher Jones appears to eat mainly fresh food items from garbage cans. He doesn't eat dry food. I don't believe he could get that fat on that diet.6. Several health concerns came up. Bustopher Jones most certainly will have an abscess from where Growltiger got him. And Grizabella definitely has a bad URI (upper respiratory infection), as evidenced by the watery eyes and nose. Someone please vet these cats.7. AND THE WORST. Why is Mungojerrie a calico? Does someone need a lesson in cat genetics?
Too much hype... kinda slow and boring
As someone who has never seen cats the show or even knew anything about the story I enjoyed this weird CGI furry porn. It was quirky and the songs catchy. I still have no idea what a jellical cat is and I prefer to never find out
I liked the songs and costumes. The story was very good and it kept you watching, the memories song was amazing
Had nothing to dislike, loved the cat-like movements and the music was fabulous. Wished at the end they would have shown the cat with the actors names, I guessed quite a few but would have liked to be sure!
Moments of brilliance and fun including numbers with Ian McKellan as Gus the theater cat, Skimbleshanks the railway cat in a showstopping tap dance extravaganza, and the bad cat twins Rumpleteazer and Mongojerrie. Missed opportunities and really poor scenes proliferate such as the badly overwrought climactic Memories and disappointing characterizations by wonderful stars like Judy Dench and Idris Muhammad who just weren't given a chance. Rebel Wilson unfailingly makes me squirm and the overall cgi treatment of the ensemble made me uncomfortzble as well the cats seemed a bit monstrous at once animalistic and cartoonified with airbrushed private parts werewolf-like faces and hyperactive ears there must have been a better way. The central boy-girl romance was sweet and their characters were likable. The music and lyrics of course were the whole point of the show and you either love it or you don't (I do) the dancing seemed generally so-so with the aforementioned railway scene blowing the rest of it away, I thought. My friend and I were glad we went and had overall positive feelings despite the barrage of devastating reviews sometimes seeming to border on derangement this badly flawed but rather valiant effort has received.
Best movie I have ever seen. Amazing singing, dancing, and acting. Great replica of the play! If you haven't seen this movie than I recommend seeing it. Great for all ages and a fun exiting musical experience.
The music was amazing
the movie theater we were had horrible service.....didn't play the movie on time and the first 15 minutes of the movie didn't have sound. had to get a refund from the movie theater because of it
The movie wasn't that great. At all
I want to bleach my brain of this
I saw the play on Broadway and the characters were much more cat like.These actors didnt portray cats very much.For all the hype about Taylor Swift, she had one small appearance.
Really Enjoyed the movie
'Cats' is a truly atrocious and spectacularly bad musical that should be seen only if you're insanely curious to witness something so awesomely bad.
Jennifer Hudson was so believable in her roll especially when she sang Memories.Very moving!
I loved the people in the cast, but honestly... it was boring.
It was a slow movie, its better on broadway.
What the hl happened to Idris Elba?
Costumes, music and dance moves were amazingPlot...not so much
My 14y daughter went to see this movie, big fans of the musical, we LOVED it as did the people beside us. It's important to know the story or have seen the stage show, or you'd be lost. Whilst not sticking strictly to the stage play, the creative licence a movie frequently uses only lent to a refreshing take on the characters and their roles. The CGI was abit clumsy in first 10 mins then seemed fine - no so obviousThe actors were brilliant in their roles, even lending something new to the roles.Bravo! !!
Boring at times, Not what I expected.
love the show.the acting was so catlike in their moves
I enjoyed the singing and dancing!The costumes threw me off a bit, but not enough to change my opinion about the movie.I think it is a must see.
Yesterday afternoon I went to see the movie Cats for the second time and I would like to take the opportunity to share my review. So here goes!! The stage version was magical and so was this!! The moment the film began, I was immediately hooked! The movie was heartwarming, emotional and a masterpiece. Everything from the exciting beautiful choreography to the stunning vocals put together with a gorgeous set and clever CGI, created a film that will certainly live long in the memory! The humour of James Corden and Rebel Wilson was on point and was just what this movie needed! They were both brilliantly cast and they worked so well together as a duo! I thought Ian McKellen was really great in Beauty And The Beast and yet again he delivered in this movie. As soon as the McKellen cat stroke the wall with his furry head and said "Touch Wood" I was left shedding tears of joy and laughter. The ears and the tails and how they moved made me giggle because they looked so real!! As incredible as Jennifer Hudson was especially with her stunning delivery of "Memory", the one stand out performance for me was the beautiful and talented Francesca Hayward! What an actress and what a dancer! There were little speaking lines in the film yet I knew exactly where we were in the story because Francesca drew the audience in with her gorgeous facial expressions, excellent storytelling and beautiful choreography. She guided us every step of the way. Every character in the movie stood out and had their moments!! It was honestly a stand alone film!! It was clear to see that the bad comments were coming from non musical lovers and those who didn't understand the story or just wanted to dig their kitty claws in and bully the musical theatre theme. I highly recommend this film if you can't get to London to see the stage version!! Everything worked and for me that was a masterpiece!! Definitely buying this movie when it comes out!! I am going to give this film the star rating I feel it truly deserves!!
The only good part was the one song Moonlight. The rest sucked. A group of us went and none of us liked it. In fact the row in front of us left sometime in the middle of the movie. Dont waste your money.
Very very bad, Overall, I would literally never recommend.
Absolutely Dogs**t. I saw the trailer and thought "wow, this can't release as bad as that trailer was." I was wrong. So wrong. The movie was worse than the trailer. If you enjoyed or even thought this movie was "eh" you are what's wrong with the movie community.
Horrendous , if you liked this movie than you must like the stench of an overflowing litter box that hasn't been changed in over a year.
Have seen the original musical in London and other cities, loved it in London. What the movie does is to present the musical on a larger more beautiful "stage." The cast is superb. The voices very very good. The new song Beautiful Ghosts by Taylor Swift is outstanding. Very heart tugging.
A little background: I am a fan of the original stage show. It was a big part of my childhood and inspired me to get involved with the arts. And I have always felt that a movie adaptation wasn't the best idea for this show. While there is a small plot in there, there is not a large enough plot to appease moviegoers. When they tried to make a plot for the show, it either didn't make sense or was pointless. 95% of this show is singing so the 5% where they do talk in this film just felt off for some reason. The musical numbers were ok for the most part, but a lot of the changes they made just didn't feel like the original music which was disappointing. A huge part of the show's identity was the dancing, costumes, and set. The set in the film I didn't mind. It was different for sure, but some interesting environments. The dancing, when you could see it, was pretty good. The actors themselves did a good job (Heyward, Fairchild, McKellen, and Davidson especially). Jennifer Hudson did a fine version of Memory (not my favorite, but unique). However, as soon as I heard that there was going to be digital fur technology, I knew this movie wasn't going to end well. And sure enough, the CGI and the cats themselves looked HORRIFYING. It makes everything from the sets (which were real from what I've read) to the cats themselves to look fake. The Internet had a field day with how horrible it was and every negative thing that has been said is totally justified. Cats the Musical will always hold a special place in my heart, and I told myself going into this that even if this film was bad, I'd be ok since I still had the original show. When I walked out of the theater, I just felt sad because I wanted it to be good. But instead, it was one of the most disappointing, ugly, and overall one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life.
Don't really know why everyone hates this film so much. I really enjoyed it. So did the kids. Its obviously not the same as the show but if it was what would be the point in making the film. Stop comparing it and enjoy it for what it is!
Excellent movie, entertaining and highly artistic. Do yourself a favor,ignore the negative reviews and go and see this brilliant production.
Very artistic and colorful.
IT was an excellent movie!!! The actors were great in their roles! The entire cast is so talented, graceful and agile in their dance moves - beautiful!!! And Jennifer Hudson brought tears to my eyes - a FANTASTIC artist!!!! Definitely RECOMMEND this HIGHLY!!!!
All of it was bad. But watch high for a good laugh
One of the most atrociously poorly-made films ever. Lifeless, plotless, awkward as hell, and visually agonizing, Cats takes a massive dump on the legacy of both films and musical theater, then kicks kitty litter on it. My sister and I saw this movie specifically to see how bad it was, and we were the opposite of disappointed. The uncanny valley reaches new depths with the cat-human hybrid monstrosities, and your brain is worked to its full capacity desperately trying to decipher something recognizable from the fur-covered curvy CGI bodies gyrating across the screen. The plot of this movie consists entirely of meeting new characters, then being forced to endure an entire musical number about the names of these characters and the fact that they are cats. As if we didnt already know that based on the title. The film meanders from one set piece to another, driven by nothing but the fact that the script says to do so. Characters are introduced, sing a song, then disappear offscreen, never to be seen again. None of these songs are memorable, save for Memories, but perhaps thats only because it was used so heavily in the promotional material. The cherry on top of this garish train wreck is a fuzzy-faced and cat-eared Dame Judi Dench singing directly to the audience, instructing us on how to treat cats, and enlightening us that cats are not dogs. I wish I were joking. Do yourself a favor and skip this turd, unless youre craving something to enjoy hating.
Probably the worst movie I have ever seen.Ever.
The CGI is a bit strange, but there's something quite beautiful about it. I loved this movie. I don't think it could have been adapted to film any better. There were a couple songs that I preferred in the play rather than in the movie, but if you loved the play, you'll love the movie. Jennifer Hudson was extraordinary as Grizabella. The whole movie was beautiful and heart-warming. I'm not sure what else you'd want from a Cats movie.
it was slow in the beginning but got much better.
I wish I could give this zero stars. For the love of god please do not waste your money on this movie
This movie was all over the place! I have no idea what vision the director was going for. At times it felt like a kids movie, but then had several moments of bad adult humor. The CGI graphics were also distracting. As a fan of the stage musical, I was really disappointed.
Did not enjoy the songs. It was great seeing the actors play cats. That was the only good part of the show.
Really enjoyed it!The great songs are all here and rhe dancing was wonderful. Very entertaining...just sit back and have fun!
First time seeing it. Worth the money.
It isn't as bad as what everyone is making out. People are probably mad because of the potential the film had vs the actual product which is understandable. The reason I liked the original so much was because of how the actors moved and danced and I thought they had that spot on. All the actors did an amazing job to be fair.The story was a little confused and some of the scenes dragged a bit (but I thought that about the original aswell). I found the humour enjoyable although at some points they were making cheap and easy jokes, but I was still entertained. What isn't as forgivable were the mistakes in the CGI. In one of the scenes close to the end they all hand human hands and throughout the film I noticed editing / CGI errors which shouldn't be happening in a film like this. I enjoyed the film I found it entertaining but I was bored in a few places. I think with better editing and a few changes here and there it could've been a good film. It's upsetting that it didn't live up to the potential that it had though.
This movie was SO bad. The CGI is so overwhelming but you can always tell that the actors are indeed human in some eerily seamless fur suit (cockroaches exempt, of course). What makes this fact worse is when they hiss and meow at each other. This was not a comedy, but all in the audience were giggling at these uncomfortable scenes as well as those filled with dead air and odd cat(?)-like movements. I will never forget Idris Elba saying, meow, and Ian McKellen lapping up water from a saucer. Great cast and music - they did what they could, but this was just a steaming pile of dog crap - yes, DOG crap.
I had no idea what was going on through most of the movie, pretty boring. I knew it was going to be a musical, but I thought it would have some dialogue too. I guess if I knew the plot going into it I might have been able to follow it.
I loved the songs and the dancing. Memories was SO wonderful.
Idris Elbas fur was the same color as his skin and he looked naked; watching porn would have been less awkward and easier to explain.
If you haven't seen the original musical, this is probably not the best way to get to know this story. First of all, the CGI is just straight up bizarre and even scary at some points. The story, which is 90% singing, is simple yet it's carried on so much there are some parts when it seems flawed. The acting is nothing different to any other movie, yet the choreography in the movie is what stands out the most (apart from the weird looking cat-human hybrids). The "intention" for the movie seems great, still the way it was executed seemed catastrophic. The movie overall is not bad, yet it is not an above average movie either. Still the experience while watching the movie is like no other, again not because the movie is good, but because you'll get bored, scared, you'll laugh, and will even get creeped out. "Cats" may be not he the greatest movie ever, but it's definitely worth watching.
"Cats" is as close as you can get to kicking both visual effects and a coherent plot in the teeth, lighting a cigarette, and riding off into the sunset on a used Vespa.
Love the music and actor.
Saw it twice.Love it!This movie has the potential to be a cult following and midnight viewing with people dressing up singing and dancing in the theater.
Oh, the Jellicle Ball. If you want to just get really ridiculously stoned and jam to a legendary musical score, this is it. Otherwise, if you dont know what this is, just take a tab of acid for your ridiculous ride into the weirdest sh*t without context.
Horrible! Walked out!
Most bizarre movie Ive seen. No one leaves this movie unscathed.
Great costumes!!! Great music!!
I guess I wasnt informed about the story line!
best film of the decade. hands down. very entertaining. a new generation of cinema.
I was highly offended. As some one who has watched the recording and seen the actual broadway production, this movie appears to be a joke. This movie should have been great. It should have added to what has already been done. There were a few parts that I thought were great additions but all in all I felt like somebody was mocking the original.
If you like the musical, you will like this movie. If you didn't like the musical, you will not like this movie. If you didn't see the musical, you will not understand this movie. My family LOVED the movie
incredibly good such a masterpiece and a total blast. wonderful acting by james corden
I'm probably one of the few people who enjoyed this film immensely but I really did. I understood pretty much every choice made, and was happy to watch it as an adaptation to a show that means a lot to me, rather than a separate entity. CGI obviously needs looking at and casting wise, I don't think Rebel Wilson fit this movie, but she wasn't completely awful. In the end, I felt the magic of the show, which made me buy into it. I also loved Beautiful Ghosts' and thought it had the right amount of emotional weight, given Victoria is our blank slate to see the world through, but taking into to consideration, not wanting to overshadow Memory.
Ive never seen the broadway show so I cant compare the two but Im not even sure what the point of this movie was. It was pretty awful.
Excellent adaption! Great performances by all!
This movie was a beautiful adaptation of the wonder Andrew Lloyd Webber musical!The casing was very well done and the choreography was complex and unique! I'd recommend this movie to all mytheatre friends!!
I loved the way cat movements were mimicked. The movie was very entertaining.
I loved the music and the story.I had seen this live many years ago and looked forward to seeing the movie, they are the same.
It was just soooo weird it felt like there were in heats the whole movie and the cgi and cat suits are just a big no for me and it was just not good compared to the Broadway show
So wow... I just can't put into words how abysmal this is. I would first like to say before embarking on my review that I've never seen the stage production. Now that being said pretty much nothing worked in this film and honestly I'm just not sure whose fault it was. From a base level the story and songs confused me and weren't very engaging. The cgi and makeup and costuming or combination were really off putting and nightmarish at moments. At times it looked as though there faces were floating and coming out of the screen like Renesme from Breaking Dawn. I'm not blaming any of the actors here accept the lead was lackluster and Jason Derulo was bad. Rebel Wilson was kind of funny, Taylor Swift was amusing and charismatic but Jennifer Hudson actually was pretty damn good. She gave me chills and made me tear up at the end even though I hated the movie. And I did hate the movie but am really just confused by it. It looks as though they really tried their best. I really think it was just unfilmable. Like the so called live action Lion King last year it's something that may only have worked in cartoon form and most certainly the stage play because it was so successful which the movie is not. Definitely one of the worst films of 2019.
Despite the countless bad reviews, I loved CATS a lot and I would see it again. The music and performances are great! People's complaints: "there is no story": yes, there is, a very simple tale; "I haven't understood the story": google it; "everyone just sings all the time": well, it's a musical, isn't it? ; "the CGI is horrendous": the visuals are an upgraded version from the theater musicals: tails and ears are able to move. If you don't like the theater version, you won't like the movie version. "the cats seem to fly and have no weight when they dance": come on, it's a MOVIE about dancing cats, it's not a documentary about Bolshoi... the movie has absolutely no commitment to the real world. It's just fantasy! This movie must be seen with an open mind, no expectations and a childlike attitude that allows oneself to be wondered by a fantasy story like this.
The whole movie is singing, which is telling the story. Problem is I didn't understand half of what they were singing about. You've got a cat crying about something and you have no idea what.
It was good, not something I would say you HAVE to see in theatres. But if you enjoy the Broadway production you will enjoy the film
nightmare fuel. kids were crying, nothing at all about this movie was good
I didn't go to see this movie to judge the CGI but to judge how the stage musical could make the jump to the screen. It didn't disappoint!
never seen the movie. but I knew it would suck. I would never watch this.
I like the musical but this was weird.
Didnt like the movie Cats. Oh my god so much singing and singing. It was really boring. I dont recommend it. Unless you like musicals.
It wont let me give it a 0 Star 
Total and utter garbage.
WHY WAS IT JUST SHOWING THE CHARACTERS THEY ARE UGLY LIKE HOLY MOLY
only went for my daughter who thinks she's a real cat. it was alright and she was in heaven lol
I think used up kitty litter would have been to watch.
Eh, It was okay. It would bring you almost crying, if your that sensitive. Might be disgusting, but corny. My mom got a song stuck in her head! (She gets like every song in her head...) Go try watching Cats, Furry or not.
I thought it was very well done. I enjoyed it totally!!
My friends and I all loved it!One friend plans to buy the DVD when it comes out.Haven't seen the play so can't compare it to that - I'm a cat person and I thought the movements were very cat-like, even the tail flickers and ear movements.We've been surprised by the negative reviews we've seen - go see it and judge for yourself.
Oh god. Oh god why. Nothing can heal the damage done to my eyes from watching Rebel Wilson cat eating 3+ human cockroaches. By the end of the film, I was shedding tears of horror. If you're a furry, BIG fan of the musical, or have already lost your soul long ago, this film could be for you. If not run. Run far away.
Cats is an awful movie in almost every way possible. That being said, it's so bad I enjoyed every second of it. If you're a person who enjoys movies like Batman and Robin you will definitely enjoy this movie for all the wrong reasons.
Wow. What can I say. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I've watched Ratatoing, I've watched Birdemic, I've watched all the supposedly worst movies but this....this is worse. It's truly horrific and I could never with a clear conscience tell any sober person to watch this movie. I made 3 accounts on websites I don't use to warn people. I feel so dirty after watching this, I have the urge to go to catholic confession, I really need to pray. I'm not catholic. I don't know what else to say but I am traumatized, don't do this to yourself it's not worth it.
As a fan of the stage musical, the original poems and the soundtrack - this was a wonderful version for the big screen. Wonderful choreography, performances and costumes and special effects (the ears!) are a treat. Enjoy!
I really enjoyed the acting. The way the actors could move like cats.
awful it didn't make any sense
,. .. ( , )
Cast was great....had seen the play several times...I think that I just had seen it too many times...but, enjoyable
Having no idea what Cats was about, I had no idea what to expect.With the exception of some of the songs, it was very entertaining, my daughter and I enjoyed it.
Amazing movie anyone who thinks otherwise is obviously not a true CATS fan
If you have never seen the play or don't like the play I could see why you think this is creepy. But I love the broadway version and thought this was even better! The storyline makes more sense and is easier to follow, and flowed so smoothly. You really need to appreciate the art and music in the film. Plus, an added bonus is Taylor Swifts beautiful ghosts, it is such a great addition to the story!
super weird but super fun too!I'd give it 4 stars but it was a bit hard to understand a lot of the words while the cats sang. I kept wishing their were subtitles. but it was a wild and fun adventure. didn't take itself too seriously. Jason Derulo was a cat. what more can one ask for?
Enjoyed the movie very much! I was surprised to read the reviews... I was also surprised to see the place packed and people were clapping at the end! 
Hard to watch. Human/cat imagery unsettling.
I think this movie has good acting work. The music contributes to the fiction. However, the script and effects are not the best.
Stinks like a kitty litter
I just, ugh. The one basis for EVERY story is a plot, intention and obstacle, a character needs to want something and something has to be in their way. This movie has none of that and makes every seen boring and not important. With a play, it's more engaging because of the wow factor and the tangible production design, but for a film, you NEED to have a story, and this proves that sometimes a material might be in its prime medium and doesn't or shouldn't be adapted. With the character choices and all of their movements, I felt an inner violation of what is right in the world; it repelled me from every shot. It does have good cinematography but that which means nothing so is nothing. I have no idea where the weird choices went or where the intentions were. This is not a film, it does not follow the rules or heart of it. It's a music video. I do not want anyone to watch this.
Tbh I don't think it is a bad movie, the music and choreography was amazing. But the cgi was weird... and I think it was because so that the actors would be recognized, since they have some big names in the movie. But at the same time the musical in itself is pretty strange. And I think the movie has been "hated" on because of the media. Since it has become a such a huge meme, and that people have just decided to not like, since others doesn't like it.In my opinion I think was worth the watch. So if you like musicals and dancing I would recommend this movie:)
Loved it all!!The music is so memorable and speaking of memories, Jennifer Hudson's performance was OVER THE TOP
I gave it one star for the actors performance. Unfortunately they were screwed over by the entire production team. I felt physically sick the entire time to the point I could no longer look at their faces. A child started crying during the film to which the mother had to assure them to not worry, it was almost over. 
There was nothing good about this movie. I am a big musical fan; Greatest Showman, Phantom, Les Mis, etc.. but this movie was absolutely pointless! Story line sucked and I am not sure there was a true purpose! I dont recommend seeing it!!
Really good! I think most of the hate associated with it is due to people not liking Cats in general, and the movie is no different. Definitely a must-see!
I couldn't understand what they were singing during the first few songs. I stuck around hoping it would have enough redeeming qualities to justify the price of my ticket. It didn't.
I knew going in that this would be aboutjust enjoying the dancing and songs, having seen Cats on stage. What I didnt expect was a valiant effort to tie the songs together. I rounded up my rating to 3 stars as extra credit for making a movie that takes a lot of chances. I generally enjoyed the spectacle and was very moved by the performance of the signature song, Memories.
It was plain terrible from the awful green screens to the strange choice of costume designs and don't even get me started with the plot.
The effects are definitely off. It is chaotic, absolutely bizarre, and almost nonsensical. But we loved it! I have two cats, I think they might have snuck out, went to Hollywood, and created this mayhem of a movie.
At first I laughed because it was so terrible . After about 30 min I started having a panic attack lol. I waked our and got a cocktail it was so bad .
Firstly, I like theatre and musicals. I've watched Wicked, Phantom of the opera, lion king, west side story, a few others, and for me.. Cats was, good? I only say good with a "?" because tbh every part of the movie is pretty bad except the songs and the dances.I think when you go into a movie, you expect certain things, like an action movie should have a lot of action and it doesn't really matter if the plot is bad. With a Dreams you want really good acting and good writing but you certainly don't expect explosions. When I walk into a musical I don't expect a great plot but what I do expect is great songs, dances, acting, costumes and sets. Unfortunately it fails to deliver on the acting and costumes.The dancing and songs are pretty superb but at the same time I have no idea why they didn't go for practical effects and real costumes. Some of the cgi sets are pretty bad and the costumes look sooo weird. I wouldn't call it "uncanny" but I can see why people do. They should have made it look like they were wearing cat suits, not made it look like the fur was literally on their body..Besides that, the story and the acting are pretty bad, the lines are cringey and the jokes didn't land. At any time there wasn't music playing and they tried to make scenes dramatic and they weren't singing was a bad part for me. They also lost a lot of the "theatre-ness" of it because they change camera angles soooo often you can't ever see anything else except what they want you to see.Tldr; would recommend if you already like theatre, but would caution the average viewer.
You just can't unsee the awfulness.
Loved literally everything about this movie
I'm a huge musical arts fan! I love cats on stage. It's impressive choreography, singing, and powerful composition. However, the movie was very boring and completely ruins any chance of a person wanting to watch the musical live. The actors and dancers are amazing just a bad film.
All n all a ok movie but it lacked action to maintain the audience attention.
I loved this movie! The choreography, humor, and music was all fantastic!Im so glad I didnt listen to critics reviews.
The Cats movie is easily the worst movie I have ever had the displeasure of viewing. If I had the opportunity to see the Cats movie again or shove my hand in a paper shredder, I would fully slam my hand into the sharp blades without hesitation. 10/10 would recommend though, genuinely so bad its movie history. Go see it.
Music & dancing exceptional
This movie was an absolute joke! The CGI looked like something photoshopped by a middle schooler, the acting was hammy and felt phoned in on most of the cast, and they managed to make a clear story line very confusing, The music was decent but they cut a few good songs out of the show and omg Taylor Swift.... what a joke. Dont ever try to do an accent again! CAT people dont have human hands and feet, Im sorry that was so disturbing. And dont make 4 solid minutes of eye contact with the camera at the end of the movie that was so uncomfortable. I wanted to like this movie, I really did, but I just feel ripped off,
This was a horrible and traumatic experience... that you need to live.
No matter what technical issues I have with this movie, i can't deny one thing: I had a visceral emotional reaction to it. in a way few movies cause. 
Cats is a cinematic piece of garbage. The characters are ugly, the story is terrible and the plot is hideous. Please do not watch this movie if you do not want to be cringed out
A fever dream that I can't unsee
If I'm being quite honest, the movie was absolute garbage. To begin, there was no plot, whatsoever. The story seemed to bounce from here to the moon within seconds and then to the sun with no explanation. it was incredibly hard to follow even for the most intellectual viewers. If someone put a gun against my head and asked me to give a summary of the movie to save my life, I would just say shoot me. There was not one singular moment of the movie i could recite back with complete accuracy and full confidence in the context surrounding it. I understand that this movie was a musical, but the songs gave little to no important information to what was going on. And that is hard to work with when the entire movie is song after song with maybe five speaking lines total. each and every song sounded like they all came from separate ends of the earth, none corresponding even in the slightest with the last. the CGI was horrifying and disturbing to an unholy extent, who in their right mind says, "Let's turn humans into cats, cover them in fur and alter their bodies with tails and ears, but let's not touch the hands, how about we leave the hands 100% human." and then who AGREED to that? that alone is psychotic, alongside the crime of choosing the actors in this film...Jason Derulo? Taylor Swift? James Corden? please put me on the phone with the casting director...I mean I just want to talk. this list sounds like something straight out of a third graders journal if they were asked to name famous people. while we are on the topic of characters, the names are such an atrocious mess i cannot recite one name back without looking them up first, and even when I do look them up, none of them ring a bell, so way to go with that. lastly, in one of the final songs when the old woman cat who wore a huge cloak sang directly to the camera and looked into your soul, she said something like "remember cats are not dogs" and she sang it in such a tone that it made me feel like that was the overall message, which confused me because no where in this whole movie was that message even hinted at before she sang that to all my dead relatives through me. I mean I honest to God thought this movie was just a talent show and the winner was deemed the Anglican cat, but then she whips out the line saying "always remember cats are not dogs" ...like yes I understand that, but where in the movie was i supposed to learn that other than in the last song? i thought themes and messages were spread throughout the film, not just hurled at you in the last final minutes before dawn... I'm still in utter shock from that entire film. the dancing, the singing, the acting, or lack thereof... just wow. so in conclusion the movie was the worst thing i have ever seen in my entire life, and i liked it. Is it a right of passage and an experience necessary to broaden your understand of this world change your perspective on life entirely? yes a thousand percent. HOWEVER is this quite possibly the worst movie ever constructed and should no humans ever have to watch such a god awful film in the history of their existence? yes a thousand percent. Thank you.
The sets, The costumes, The choreography, All these wonderful and I'm certain expensive parts of the production ruined by a score that sounds like it was scored by a math teacher who had to cover a high school music appreciation class. So awful that 20 minutes in my wife asks "How long is this?" When she heard another hour here response was "I'm going to leave you if you force me to sit through the rest!" We both agreed that it could be fun to watch on with the sound OFF and your own choice of music. Maybe!
I found it mesmerizing.The makeup and costumes.The attention to details was amazing. I loved everything about it and still cant get it out of my mind days later.
Despite the negative reviews, we really enjoyed this movie! Loved the music, the special effects were great and the all star cast made the film all the better!
Ugh!The only scene worth watching is Jennifer Hudson's performance of Memories.The rest is really bad.
This movie was a joke! So many people walked out of the theater! I'm happy I didnt pay for these tickets and that someone is not happy and she is demanding a refund; I knew the trailer was creepy and not interesting at all but others were willing to give it a try. All star cast? Yeah right, this flop can't pay for their salaries much less their landscaping fees. So happy I was buzzed during this film otherwise I wouldn't have lasted the grueling 20 mins I was watching.
Whimsical fun! I feel like the bad reviewers didn't see the trailers. Being upset that the musical wasn't enough of a movie is akin to disappointment that a Pixar flick lacks nudity. Hudson's vocals & the amazing ballerina alone make it worth seeing.
Great costumes, music. Enjoyed the production.
I enjoyed this movie.Giving it four stars instead of five for the main reason that I found the music lacking in the "rousing" nature of the original Broadway show.Thechoreography and dancing was beautiful and amazing, loved seeing the movements that were so reminiscent of the movement of cats.
My friends and I loved this movie. What's not to like with Andrew Lloyd Webber's beautiful music and the spectacular dancing? Some will say that we are not discerning enough to recognize good performances. Perhaps those nay sayers are people who need to have storylines completely spelled out for them, unable to enjoy beauty for beauty's sake. Or maybe they are people who only appreciate what they call realism in a film and can't see the reality behind fantasy. The only reason their opinion matters to me is that they will prevent many other people, who would enjoy and be inspired by this movie, from seeing it. I can only hope that audiences who love music and dance we'll see CATS and be inspired by it.
Singers & dancers were outstanding! Storyline was developed quite different from the play but was well done in our opinion especially at the end. Very slow to get started & dragged, spending half an hour with the sound weirdly muted. Many people in the audience totally did NOT get the idea of the play and laughed loudly at awkward points in the movie. If youve never had a cat or dont like them this may not be the movie for you. If you like them & have them youll probably like the movie.
It's was completely trash a waste of 37 dollars
Saw the movie yesterday, now I wasn't going in expecting much because I am not a fan of the stage version so I didn't expect it to be as good as it was Francesca as Victoria was amazing, the new song she got for the movie ("Beautiful Ghosts") was performed beautifully and I cried at Jennifer Hudson's rendition of the shows most famous song "Memory", but honestly go and see guys as it is a movie masterpiece
Bad. Do not watch. My children were frightened by the bad acting. Horrendous
Do not listen to all the film critics claiming nonsense about this musical. I didn't want to see it because they made it sound so bad. It's the exact opposite. The designs are cute, the music slaps hard, and the choreography is absolutely breathtaking. Please, do not believe these biased "critics" and see it for yourself before making judgements. It really is something so beautiful and moving.
Loved this movie! Jennifer Hudson was amazing! Rebel Wilson and James Corden were Hilarious!
I almost did not go see this bc of the reviews.Im so glad I went.The beginning of it I questioned if I would like it.However, once I was used to the cats I started to love it.I thought the performances were great! Its an interesting show and I think one would need to be familiar with it to even get it but in truth its a story about the nature of human beings not cats.Id see it again.
My mom wanted to see this movie with me when i really didn't want to. Overall i hated this movie it was very boreding would not recommend it.
Jennifer Hudson stole the show.
I loved it! As a fan of the play, this was a fun movie interpretation.
Too bad. I fell as sleep twice. I wanted to leave but my 5 year old daughter was engaged. Definitely one to miss! 
I was laughing hard at the strangest most weird I've ever seen.
Bad movie very boring.
Absolutely Terrrible! Left the theatre after about 25 minutes. My alcoholic beverage had more pizzazz than this movie.
it was like watching a car accident in slow motion. i left with a migraine and the images of those awful cats are burned into my brain yet i have an overwhelming desire to go see it again.
Fell asleep in the first 5 minutes. Walked out at about 20 minutes in. Boring. Waste of money.
I actually really liked it. I don't know what the big deal is. Great movie!
If you're a Broadway musical geek, you'll like it. Jennifer Hudson nails the showstopper "Memory." Good singing, graceful dancing, lovely sets. It's not "Angels in American." It's not "West Side Story." It's "Cats." And it's a faithful film version.
Despite the critics poor rating this is a great screen adaptation of the stge show. It does not pretend to be a stage show but my wife & I sbsolutely loved it. Why these idiot critics go pn about eroticism is baffling.
Giving Cats one star is still more than it deserves. I wish Rotten Tomatoes allowed negative star reviews. This movie proves studio executives have know idea what "real" paying audiences want to see. I read the budget for Cats was anywhere from 95 million to 300 million to produce. They could of saved a ton of money by hiring a bunch of Furries to make cat costumes instead of using horrible CGI. I honestly don't understand why anyone would think anybody would want to see this. Just because it was a hit on Broadway in the nineties doesn't mean it's going to translate on to movie screens in 2019.
If you havent seen the stage version, you may not appreciate the movie.
Sorry, this was just uncomfortable and creepy. I'm a big fan of different stuff, but this just way toooo weird, and making good actors and musicians furries was just... Bad.
The worst movie I've ever seen in my 17 years of existence.
My husband and I decided to go because we thought that nothing could be so bad...we LOVED IT!We have seen Cats on Broadway and locally but never could really understand the story since we couldn't understand the words.in the screen version, it becomes clear what the story is about and the parallel between these "cat" characters and us - old, young, sweet, bad, mischievous, magical, etc.The dancing was amazing and the special affects with ear twitches and tail movements were amazing.I saw nothing that I would call provocative, as some have stated.I would highly recommend this if you love Broadway!
"Ouisa: You know, I had the strangest dream.I dreamt of Cats. The movie.Paul... I'm worried. Is it right to make a movie of Cats?Paul: I'll tell you why there has to be a movie of Cats, Ouisa. May I call you Ouisa?O: Yes.P: I have no illusions about the merits of Cats,but the world has been too heavy with the right- to- lifers -protect the unborn, constitutional amendments, when does life begin?Or the converse - the end of life, the right to die. Why is life, at this point in time,so focused upon the very beginning of life and the very end of life?What about the years we have to live between those two inexorable book ends?O: And you can get all that into Cats?P: We're going to try."- John Guare, Six Degrees of SeparationWhy they didn't cast Will Smith and Stockard Channing in this Cats movie is huge missed opportunity, among the others opportunities that is. Now and forever...
I absolutely adored it! would love to see it on stage!
the funniest movie ive ever seen.
The movie was amazing. I never want to see another movie again, truly moving. I have emotional scarring now. Thank you so much. 10/10 would not see again.
Surrender to the oddness of it all, and to the completely inappropriate nature of a collection of poems to be a Broadway musical in the first place, and you will experience a beautiful cinematic dream, full of wonder and magic, and the beauty of creative hearts.
Much better than I expected! Based on what everyone was saying, I expected it to be really bad. But I thought it was great! I dont understand all of the complaints about the CGI, or the costumes. I never heard any complaints about the costumes in the play, so why complain now. These are people pretending to be cats. What do you expect!? And the dancing was wonderful. Go and enjoy it!
Awesome frpm start to finish. A must see for anyone who loved the play.
The magic and awe created in the Broadway musical is in no way represented in this film.It tries too hard, its brutally incoherent, and struggles to entertain.My wife wanted to see Cats because she loves musicals, and film with choreography. No less than three times during the movie, she turned to me and said,this is a bad movie. Shes right.
Good play, good aesthetic concept, poor CGI implementation, too much added dialogue. Fun if youre here for it.
The plot made no sense. The CGI seemed so odd. Not worth wasting your money.
Without a doubt the best horror movie of the decade.
This was a fever-dream that I could not wake up from. It was more enjoyable to listen to the pre-teen couple in front of me argue than watch this. The half-star was given due to the fact that the movie went on fast. TOO many characters that I did not care about, music was mediocre at best, and the visual effects/GRAPHICS-need I say more? A bad ending to an otherwise decent 2019 in movies..
Proves once again why you should watch a movie in order to form your own opinion. I absolutely loved this movie! A must for those who genuinely love musicals.
I liked CATS but I liked the old cats movie and the play. Although I will buy the DVD and watch the movie so I guess I did like it.
I think who ever decided to let the public see this needs to question all their life choices. It's the most disturbing thing I've ever seen
I thought it was a good movie. I thought the best thing about it was the vocals, and special effects/ animation. It's wierd watching a musical play as an animated movie.
As someone who has loved Cats since childhood, I am going to go through the common reasons I've seen for why people dislike the remake.1. The CGI being disturbing: Cats is based off a poem by T.S. Elliot that is a poem about cats in a fever dream. In this movie the animators had a choice to make the cats very cat-like, or to make them very human-like (such as just wearing masks). I feel the animator made a choice to play with the uncanny valley effect, making the cats a weird human-cat hybrid that mimics that of a fever dream (which is what this movie is about). I noticed that in the context of the movie, the CGI did not appear nearly as creepy as everyone said it was. I think the "disturbing" CGI was an amazing choices for a fever-dream inspired movie.2. The lack of plot: If you knew Cats beforehand, you'd have known exactly what the plot is about: cats audition for a better life and at the end attend the ball. The great thing about this loose plotline is like the poem it is based off of, the movie mimics poetry and allows the audience to have their own perception of what it's about. I think the audience missed key points, such as how Victoria originally appears to be a real cat in the bag she's abandoned in, but then a human comes out. The gross ally way she is lost in eventually opens up to a beautiful world. All the cats, such as the railway cat who believed he ran the entire operation, and the magician cat who believed he was magic because his family could never find him, show how this movie is about how cats see themselves. Which is a bit more important than how we see them. To them, they are like human beings! That ally way isn't a dirty london path, it is a jellicle world!3. Rebel Wilson eating the cockroach that is a person: Well, it's based on a fever dream. So, GOOD CHOICE! It's supposed to be a bit scary. 4. The lack of dialogue: You had your whole life to see Cats. If you knew it, you'd have not been shocked at the amount of music. 5. The fact big celebs are only in it for a minute or so: the brief appearances match what the actual play is about.6. That the cats were "neutered", some had clothes and some didn't, that the females had breasts: My only comment here is to stop sexualizing something that doesn't need to be serialized. I think there's a time and a place for overthinking other people's bodies, and this musical isn't it. So basically what I'm trying to say here is that I think a lot of criticism comes from a lack of understanding about what Cats IS. It is meant to be a creepy, disturbing fever dream! The sets were beautiful and absolutely surreal, and the characters were meant to be surreal as well. Sometimes, surreal is scary. The music was undeniably good, and the talent was there. I think at the end of the day, directors make choices that maybe we wouldn't have mad, and Cats is no exception! But to say this movie was bad because of the reasons I listed above just shows a lack of appreciation for what Cats is supposed to be.
I loved it!I don't usually cry at a movie theatre, but thisone hit me.(I am a cat lover too)
A delightful disaster.
I can't understand the bad reviews. They must be dog people.I got chills when Jennifer Hudson sang Memories.
I LOVED this movie!!It made me laugh and cry.My guess is that most critics who did not like the movie did not enjoy a movie with constant dancing and singing.I thought the choreography was wonderful and I, unlike many, thought the cat fur was unique and very cat-like.I think it is a must-see on the big screen.I am so glad that I decided to go and see it (after reading the reviews I was very hesitant). I give it an A+.
It was a movie made from a Broadway musical. It is what you'd except.
If I could give it a ZERO I would! Terrible-horrible-disgrace to the play.! Jennifer Hudson is fabulous.thats it!
Based on previous reviews, my expectations were low going in. That being said, I really enjoyed it! 
I enjoyed the music and dancing.Hard to understand alot of words.Enjoyed it. But would not see twice
It was genius, I think everyone needs to experience this movie.
This is a must watch! I cried, I laughed, I sang along. A true roller coaster. Jason Derulo made this movie. I also think that the costumes and real faces demonstrated the true emotion of the real world conflicts within cats
Engaging, zany, intelligent, funny, kind.Exactly what you would want in your cat.
Worst movie I've ever seen
Its exactly what I expected a movie version of Cats to be. I dont think its Oscar-worthy by any means, but Im not sure why everyone is jumping on the hater bandwagon. My kids loved it. I thought the performances were good. The biggest travesties for me were Taylor Swifts attempt at singing in a British accent and J-Huds unfortunate snot trail.
I was looking forward to seeing this movie, had many of my favorite actors. Idisliked movie 100 %. Movie was so bad I had to get two glasses of wine to get through it. I feel asleep and woke up towards end of movie. Movie was a let down. I want a refund!!
But, just, why? This stinks
Play was much better than the movie. I did not like Rebel Wilsons singing number in her house. Choreography was very good. Costumes were very good
For the most part, I had to ask myself- WHY? (you get over the horrible CG if you let it go early) Knowing the Broadway musical, I understood they needed to give it some context, but to destroy some memorable numbers with lack luster and laughable performances was what killed this movie for me. I don't know why Rebel Wilson and James Corden were even cast to take two of the most lovable characters and literally trash them. There was no need for crotch jokes for both of these characters and they totally did not get where they fit in. As for the rest, theywere a bore with the exception of Francesca Hayward, IIan McKellen,and Judy Dench providing some amazing dancing andgood acting chops receptively.Talyor Swift did a good job with her number, but by the end- even that number suffered. The star hands down in Jennifer Hudson and her powerful rendition of "Memory," saved this movie- it had all the feels and is up there with the top renditions of the song. Had that number been destroyed- it would have been a true tragedy.
Followed the musical well...loved the music and dancing...however...the CGI was very distracting and corny especially the levitation-like movements...the worst. Wouldve loved had they just worn updated, real costumes and shot the film like Chicago or Les Miserables. Sad face!
Does not deserve the bad reviews it has gotten. The actors do a great job being cats. Love the music. 
Just watched the 2019 version of the musical "Cats." I really and truly thought it was a beautiful and emotional performance. The style, choreography, and acting was phenomenal. If you have a true taste for musicals, theatre and ART, then this is the movie for you! 10/10, would see again! Underrated!
Found it very slow, fell asleep.
The first 90 minutes were terrible.
Can't believe I got talked into seeing this movie.Just awful.Do yourself a favor, wait til it comes to cable in about 6 weeks.
The stageproduction was able to maintain the feline nature of the characters, Unfortunately in screen you can see they are people made up (quite well) as cats.The music however was winderful!!.All in all not as bad as critics say but obviously not as good as the stage production.
I was expecting to be disgusted by this movie but might I say, I was nothing but pleased. Cats brought something out in me, I feel more free to be myself and to accept the fact that I am into cats. I am a furry and I am proud. 
A film that made me suffer from the first second to the last second! Don't see this if you want to keep your brain cells
my review for cats (2019) a solid 8/10 my favorite part was when local warrior roleplayersharassed the new kid in town and made her pick a warrior cat name until the tigerstar kinnie came out and sent 3 kids to the ER
I personally loved it!Costumes were amazing, songs were awesome...very entertaining!
Most of the roles were very self-serving and lazy. Director could have done a lot more. Judi Dench, Ian Mckellen and Idris Elba were good. The new girl was excellent. Everybody else was awful - especially Swift. The theatrical cast of Cats should be very disappointed.
Loved the singing and ballet dancing.Very entertaining, especially Jennifer Hudson singing Memories.Brought tears to my eyes.The new young lead was great and very talented.
Worst movie Ive ever seen
I loved the movie especially Jennifer Hudson singing Memory. Such a beautiful voice!
I cant believe the bad critics of this movie. If you like musicals, if you like dance, if you like art in general you will enjoy it. It is just different to any other movie or cartoon you have seen before, and isnt that something to be seen?
This is the funniest thing Ive seen in a theater in a long time
Cant believe this has been on the screen as long as it has. Big names make a difference. Rather watch the cats in the alley behind my house then this film. Yikes!!
I have never seen Cats before for any rendition. I was not impressed. The costumes were marvelous, but very hard to follow along. Jennifer Hudson's performance was fantastic!
This blows my mind! Rotten Tomatoes top critics are wrong nearly 100% of the time! How in the heck did they get this one so right!? This movie is so bad they couldn't even pretend they liked it hahaha
noh a nadie movie, weird proporcinalo t with the cats and humans but good dancing and vocals
I loved the creativity in each dance scene. it was cute and my mom and kids lived it. great family movie.
Beautiful!! Loved the costumes, makeup, cinematography, choreography and the music was phenomenal! Jennifer Hudson killed it!
it's good if you like cats the musical
I don't even know what to say. You really need to see it to believe how genuinely awful it is. I never liked the original theatrical production of the show either, so maybe I was doomed to hate it. But my god, whoever decided to make them look like that was tripping balls. Worst thing I've seen in a home.
It was so bad but so entertaining
Why is getting bad reviews.The music is still great.The bad thing was the camera work too much back and forth it made me dizzy and too much head only shots.
The music and dance sequences were great, Taylor Swift was superb, what a voice and she can really dance
Could hear dialogue better than play. Stayed true to stage version
Loved every minute of this movie.Critics be damned. It is magical.Finally understood the story which I never quite got watching the play.
Highly disappointed!Wasnt what I expected at all. Sorry this was not my type of movie!
This movie was straight up nightmare fuel, it was truly a trainwreck from the opening credit to the end. Save your money and time and let this movie flop as it should ! YIKES scary...
It was really awfulso disappointing.
This was just soooo fabulous! Fabulous casting, fabulous costumes and, oh!!, the dancing- just outstanding. Skimbalshanks, I think I'm in love! Just loved his tapping!
this is unlike any experience I've ever had in theaters.it made me so very happy. a very jellicle movie!
It was boring and waste of money 
We loved the musical story ..It also had some funny scenes. My family enjoyed it very much
Cute movie!I did not see the Broadway production, so I have nothing to compare it to.
Saw this with my friends and family (age ranges from 15yo to 80yo) and we all loved this movie 
A good horror movie but bad for everything else
The movie was NOT what I expected it was like a furry heaven and for a normal human being it was BAD the ONLY good part about this movie was when Taylor swift cat drugging the other celebrity cats with catnip. The movie is also MOSTLY SINGING
Costumes incredible but changed to a different movie after 30 minutes.
An enjoyable movie - the big names def made it!! Particularly loved Rebel Wilson and James Corden. Well done!!!
How did this even get made? Hasn't anyone seen Six Degrees of Separation? You were warned!
I just cannot add my name to the CATS haters. The movie is not purrfect but it does have a great cast, clever costumes and the story of redemption and love for society's cast out is still heartwarming. These are cats, not humans. If you joined the haters, go see it for yourself... and fall in love again.
Its a cinematic masterpiece! But if you think its a documentary about cats, man I got bad news...
Once I got over the slightly confusing costumes I absolutely LOVED this movie. The music was great and the actors really went for it.
Use h shakily no one ever got it for you later today and then I call it to tell me when I got to get my car back and I dont want you going on my way home and then you going home I dont know why I call it all the way you dont want to go home I dont know why I call it so I call it and call you and me tell me what I call it bye love me and then you later love to see what it was bye I dont know why I call it all I can say I 
Jennifer Hudson as usual performed and sang well but her make up after crying was gross. The make up artist should have wiped the tears as they fell above her top lip which appeared to be snotty.
Horrible movie that have never been made allot of star power what a waste.
No story line. Just singing. 
It just wasn't good. Very disappointed. I was so looking forward to seeing it and what a let down.
need a refund, please dont see this
This adaptation of a live performance theatre act, was so awful and boring it made me cry. First of all the cgi; oh gpd it was bad. Sometimes different people had no shadows, or their faces didn't aline up. When viewing the insects, who were the wrong size compared to the 'cats', their faces looked like a snapchat filter. They had the chance to do a sonic and fix it, yet they didn't. The story lacked, there was almost no story, and after the movie we tried so hard to think about the story but we could not. It was so awful that we just couldn't remember. The only good thing in this movie was the acting and singing of only two people. Sir Ian McKellen and judy Dench. The rest sounded almost auto tuned. Jason and Taylor swift, both had British accents even though they are both American. This made me cringe, as a British man. Don't go see this waste of a movie. Next time Tom Hooper, use the cats from doctor who and save yourself some money.
Ignore the critics and go see Cats. If you loved the Broadway show, you will love the movie. Well done ! That's my review. Outstanding !!! Bravo !!! Best Movie Musical of the Decade !!So Pleased !! It's a musical and choreographical masterpiece !! Go !
The movie it's self was very confusing, especially the beginning. Half of the CGI wasn't finished. Their feet phased through the floor multiple times. The music itself seemed sloppy and just wasn't good, a few songs were nice. The movie overall seemed unfinished. It had some potential. I think the only supporting part of the movie is the body movement and dance routines.
Es un pedazo de caca sin sentido lgico, narrativa o u a historia, no es ms que una sopa de peluche digital mal hecho imposible de entender, que lo nico que te deja es la pregunta, por qu demonios acabo de ver esta pelcula?
Cats is trash, but I got a theater to myself and the boys.
I loved it!! But I am a long time Cats fan, I think a lot of people leaving bad reviews is simply because they do not understand it. I am a huge fan of musicals and Ive been listening to these songs personally for over 15 years. Great movie! Great singing and absolutely loved the choreography! 
It was good.Nothing stressful so relaxing and fun.
just terrible. this really is the worst movie of the year...
Loved it from beginning to end- A "Cats" fan & this adaptation was creative & unique. Judy Dence did a fine job as Deuteronomy but I must say I did miss Ken Paige & his interpretation of that role.
The stage play was far superior to this movie.I didn't like the costumes.It certainly wasn't the joyful event of the holiday season as stated in the trailer that I saw a number of times before the movie premiered.
Disliked: nonsensical leaping with unrelated bellowing-called singing. The professional dancers & singers were poorly represented. Liked: Exited movie (prior to the end).
Great costumes, make up, dancing and singing.
There was just too much singing.
Once again, ignore the professional critics. The music alone, with Taylor Swift's awesome addition of "Beautiful Ghosts," makes this worth seeing and hearing. Anyone who has seen "Cats" on Broadway or touring knows it is a silly look at cats by a gifted poet. Who cares if the computer generated images were overdone or some of the songs could have been done differently? Enjoy the dancing, the music and close your eyes if necessary.
Memories... please erase all my memories
It was a good movie.I have always wanted to see it and now I want to see it on broadway!
There was eight of us and half of us liked itIoved the costumes and the singing.. I have not seen the musical live so I can not compare the two.
Walked out 10mins. in. Absolutely terrible!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed Cats. Yes, there were some funky CGI moments, but overall it was a joy to look at and watch. It was exactly what it was meant to be. People should have a more open mind, and not be so beholden to their preconceived notions of what it "should" be. Sit back and enjoy the ride.
Hard to understand what they were singing as a group. Scenes were great to look at.Costumes were fantastic.
If I could give this zero stars I would. This movie was just awful. There is so many negative comments that I could make but it would be more of a waste of my time . I already lost 1hr and 45. This movie was a CATastrophe.
Having seen many Broadway plays, Cats was never one of my favorites.But I don't see what the hate is all about for this movie (especially from the critics).I just saw it yesterday and it was beautifully done.Costumes and musical numbers were excellent and Rebel Wilson and James Corden added some great comic relief.If you liked the stage musical, I am sure that you will love the movie.
Outstanding movie.Better than the Broadway musical. Would make Andrew Lloyd Weber proud.Funny, well acted out, entertaining. Lead actress/dancer (F. Hayward) great!!!Understood the storyline better after seeing the movie.
Truly the worst movie I have seen in ages and I love musicals and dancing.The actors and actresses tried really hard but they had nothing to work with.I fell sleep twice.
The music and dancing was awesome, though some parts did drag a little. It's more suited to older audiences than for young children unless they're really into musicals. Loved it!
This movie is one my favorite
Costumes, choreography, designall were spectacular! Not to mention beautiful music! A great movie! Id see it again!
I love the movie for several reasons. I seen Cats on Broadway 4 times. This was always a great musical. This movie wasn't without its flaws. Maybe because I love musical, the dancing, the makeup, the way the were cat like, and I thought the life size ratio of the cats to objects were pretty impressive this is why I loved it. 
All 6 of us enjoyed the movie!
Not even Shane Dawson would fk these cats.
The movie stayed pretty true to the Broadway production. Some changes made, but I assume that was based on cinematic choices. Was not sure initially how I would feel about the cast not being in traditional costumes, but the digital work was well integrated. The only reason I am not giving this movie a 5-star rating is that my favorite part of the Broadway production was excluded!
I loved the movie. I've now seen it twice. I saw the stage production many years ago and thought it was neat but I couldn't understand them.... this was wonderful the dancing, the singing, the costumes, all of it. Anyone who gives it a bad review, I believe, doesn't know what they are going to see. When the theater applauds at the end you know it was good!
Costumes were amazing.
I have to start with how bad the CGI was. There were gaps and at times it looked like they were floating. The faces would move and shift and it was so distracting. I didn't like the forced comedy. They took out some good songs for some ok originals.
It was honestly one of the worst experiences I've ever had with a movie
I once saw Cats on stage.It was okay.Unlike this film.
No just no. no no nofricking no
The Greatest Horror Film ever made. It will scare the hell out of you.
The dancing was a delight and figuring out the stars was like being part of a quiz show
This is the best refreshing movie I've seen in 2019!
The movie did not translate well from the stage.The actors were terrific.
Excellent movie. The music, set design, costumes, and choreography were amazing. I enjoyed the movie more than I enjoyed the stage play.
It had a strange vibe but acting and singing were excellent
I was pleasantly surprised by the movie, being a tried and true Broadway fan of the play. The music of Andrew Lloyd Webber, combined with this interpretation of the story characters, allowed me to sit back and be thoroughly entertained!
First of all, can somebody tell Judy Dench that she cant sing. It is an experience watching this monstrous of a film. It was terrible but i would say its worth my time and money
The costumes were beautiful.
The songs and dancing was outstanding the costumes phenomenal, but I wish you had more storyline.
Terrible movie. Very weird
Just watched the movie and was thrilled by every minute of it. It's brilliant. I always knew that Cats was going to be a hard task to get from stage to screen - but they've done an amazing job. Each musical number is superbly crafted, the performances are excellent and the whole thing is truly beautiful to look at. It helps if you're familiar with the music before you see it - it's end to end music which isn't everyone's cup of tea. And there's not much of a plot - but you don't watch Cats for its plot - you watch it for the music, the poetry and the spectacle of it. If you do like musicals and dance - this is a rare treat. The movie is groundbreaking in style and brilliant in its delivery. A complete joy.
Possibly pansexual cat is on heat, ballet dances around the other cats with their erect tails, human feet and hands. Lots of creepy closeups and weird cat bodies. Ugh, hope I don't have nightmares.
My eyes!! My eyes!!!
I'm sorry, but I love this movie and I did not care for the stage show- this is a trippy, weird AF experience and I cannot take my eyes off of it- Mice with childrens heads? Dancing Roaches? Human hybrid felines that sing? Magical cats? Judi Dench as an old cat? This could be a cult masterpiece in the making. Yes please!
HorribleNot worth it
Id give it 0 stars if I could, it was just a weird and strange movie !!!!
Cats was like a fever dream that I was emotionally detached from. It just wouldn't end. It's been four hours since I've seen the movie, and it's still haunting me.
I saw the stage musical as a kid and wanted to watch the movie. Didn't let me down- I enjoyed it! It was quirky and entertaining. The CGI didn't throw me off. Just a fair bit of warning: if you are looking for a well structured plot line, Cats isn't it. But if you are into seeing cats being cats and lots of song and dance, then you'll probably find it entertaining.
All the horrible reviews set the bar so low that I was surprised (in spite of myself) to find that the film wasn't nearly as bad as I'd expected it to be. Also, I genuinely cannot imagine how it could have been done better.... it was weird as hell on stage, and the adaptation was a pretty fair and representation of the original. And despite what others have said about the CGI.... real costumes would have been WAY weirder, no question. It was just weird enough that I found myself totally mesmerized, again, in-spite of myself.
I saw the play in the original release and I wasn't a cheerleader, but i like it. I was not particularly inclined to see the movie when the reviews started to come out. By today, January 1st, I though I needed to see it myself because the reviews started to sound like pompous and piling up too much. I called a friend and told her: I don't think it could be so bad because there is a lot of talented people,let's go and judge ourselves. We did and we both liked it. Sure, the director took some liberties with the mimicking of felines and how they look and move but demanding more true-to-life feline physiology is like pretending that a Picasso painting should look more real. Go, see it and judge yourself.
Everything was good about the movie.
Tonight I went to see the movie version of Cats,.. I enjoyed it greatly... the format and depiction were unlike anything Ive seen before in a movie. I think it is so different that it broke movie critics, and they have reacted. But personally it was moving and fun and I thought it was better than the Star Wars movie I saw before Christmas... ymmv.
Fetish movie. I feel unclean
I've seen the musical 9 times at the theatre and was worried I would be disappointed by the movie.But just the oppositie.I was so enthralled by the movie that I've seen it twice now in just one week.The dancing and singing and story is so beautiful.It was magical!I highly recommend this movie.I can't figure out why the reviews are so bad.Maybe the reviewers don't like cats and can't accept what's happening on screen.It's a beautiful movie!
Una obra comparable a un bicho venenoso, todo aquel que se le acerque o tope debe de alejarse inmediatamente.
I loved the story line & the costumes were AWEEEMAZING. I have no idea why it is getting such horrible reviews. Its a must see
This was a beautiful production.The singing, choreography, twitching ears, acting was great.
Costumes and set designs were amazing.
Set your inner cat free! Meow! Milk!!
It was cats, which is a weird musical. If you don't know what cats is about you will probably hate it. There is no really plot in the stage version but they try to give it a plot and it just falls flat.The CGI was awful and inconsistent.
I wanted so badly to see and was greatly disappointed. The vocal skills were awesome but that's it.I didn't get what it was about until the end.Only saw the end because I forced myself to stay.I sort of want a refund but the theater was nice. I wish I could give no stars.
This movie was confusing and poorly edited. It was just plain bad
Amazing talent and staging, stage musicals do not always translate to film but this movie does this, not seamlessly, but well.Definitely not for everyone but does not deserve the criticism received from so-called critics who simply do not understand the story or appreciate fabulous talent.
Literally, everything
I was disappointed in the vocal quality of the songs.Nothing knocked my socks off, but I do really like the whimsical nature of the show.
Was entertaining for about 30 to 45 minutes. After that,I'd had enough. I kept thinking why didn't the cats have paws. I focused on the costumes and how the cats could be more believable. Jennifer Hudson's performance at the end was the highlight. I really didn't get the story much.
I loved how they updated this without taking from the story. It was beautifully done!
A very enjoyable movie! Yes, there a a few jarring things - like sneakers instead of cat feet (I forgive the railroad cat in tap shoes - superb dancing) and some CGI oddities and a few costume choices (unzipping a cat's pelt to reveal a dress???). But all I really ask of a movie is that it is overall a pleasure. Cats more than met that, a pleasure to watch the dancing, singing, fun cat acting - so four stars. Don't let the naysayers stop you from going to see it!
It was like a 2 hour long nightmare. I was just curious and wanted to experience this thing for myself but it was a mistake.
So I had the opportunity to see the unfixed version of this for basically no money today and...I have some thoughts. -What crazy person signed off on this? -Is the source material really this incomprehensibly bad? I'm pretty sure there were four songs throughout this entire movie but 90% of the movie was comprised of songs. You do the math. (also, each song was essentially recycling the same line over and over?)-How was this such a cultural centerpiece? Am I completely missing something?Anyway, if you ever wanted to see a movie production made by a lunatic who seemingly just discovered what CGI is and is capable of just to proceed to abuse the shit out of that power, boy do I have the movie for you. One meow out of five.
Dancing and vocals were off the hook!Cat-like movement was spot on!
I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. I like that they were willing to take a chance at adapting Broadway show this way and making it in my opinion as weird as the first time I got to see the live production for the first time. I wouldnt mind doing it weirder. 
I want to beat my cat
I wanted to love it, really, I did.
MY CRITICAL REVIEW OF CATS... 1/7 - purrrrrge this film from my memory.Before I start, I wanted to justify why this isn't a 1 Star movie. The movie had some redeeming moments...But then I remembered Rebel Wilson scratching her crotch in a cat outfit and I changed my mind.THE GOOD:-DANCING WAS THE CATS MEOW! Lots of great choreography. I'm not a big dancing person but I could appreciate it and the beauty it brought.-JUDY DENCH ADDED A LEVEL OF SOPHISTICATION. She added her grace to the stage. But she deserved better.-SPECTACLE GALORE! There are some great set pieces and an over the top feel to the musical. I enjoyed this for the most part.-TWO REDEEMING SONGS! The magicians song and Memories. They did transport me at times. But never completely.That's about it for the good...THE NOT GOOD-JENNIFER HUDSON SOLO. Some would say she was the highlight of the film in her solos of Memories. But this is overshadowed by poor sound design, and overacting that could have been fixed via better direction.IAN...WHY? This character confused me the most of all. The acting chops Ian McAllister brings to the table are incredible. But the strangeness of it all is so hard to follow.-PROPS AND COSTUMES. The props were huge and sometimes reminded you, you were smaller and about at the same level as a cat, but this was only sometimes. The costumes when used we're well placed and cool to look at. Other times, I couldn't make heads or tails of the actual size of the cats in comparison to the set.That's about it...THE UGLYCAN YOU HEAR ME? I literally could hear just about nothing. It was hard to know what they were saying except that I heard heard some of these songs before.COSTUMES THAT'LL MAKE YOU HISS. What were they thinking? This CGI just is not a good choice. Realism has a time and place. Not even the stage musical went to this level. Since these are HUMANS playing cats, more human like tights would have been appropriate. I can't stop from thinking about everyone's exposed privates. Why are some wearing pants and some aren't?This movie is overall confusing with costume choices.PLOT...WHAT PLOT? As I was told by others who have seen the stage production, the movie stays true to the play. It makes no sense, no rhyme or reason to most of the plot. It simply was confusing and hard to accept. I understand why people are bipolar about Cats. This movie has no idea what it wants to be. One minute, it's serious and full of drama, the next, weird voodoo magic makes instruments become CGI nightmares and show how horrible the movie was edited.WAIT? WHO'S IN LOVE WITH WHO? Not only was the plot hard to follow. But the love connections and overall horniness of the cats was confusing and weird. I'm sure it's much more innocent than what others were going for but the execution fails on many levels.DANCING COCKROACHES AND MICE? This speaks for itself, horrible CGI. The idea of adding people to the costumes and watching them get eaten might arouse some people with a vore fetish but everyone else is cringed our. Horrifying direction decisions.REBEL! NO! STOP SCRATCHING YOURSELF DOWN THERE? I love Rebel Wilson. She is a comedic genius, but scratching yourself near your crotch in what barely qualifies as a costume and I'm not sure if you're naked or not, just doesn't work. I cringed so much at this moment. Yes. Cats do this, but human-cats, just...no. This scene will forever haunt me and make me rethink innocent cats licking themselves. I'm forever changed for the worse.OVERALL - Some cats have nine lives. But I only have one. I'm sad I wasted any time on this. Maybe Cats will be born into a new life, and future productions won't scare us to hide under the bed for days.
Very good just like theatre
I think God killed me and sent me to hell to teach me a lesson. I almost passed out because I forgot to breathe. I was frozen in fear. The off beat twitching of the humanoid cat's tails will forevermore be stuck in my nightmares. This is a punishment sent by God. It felt like seven-teen hours of pure fear. It's not a drama, it's the most terrifying horror movie I've ever seen. I had the worst panic attack I've ever had in my life. I will forevermore be scarred. If you're planning on seeing cats, make sure to have a good therapist; you will have PTSD. I was in tears: not from amazement, but from fear of what horrors my eyes gazed upon. My knees are still shaking, my heart rate is still at 115. I will never be the same, I have seen too many horrors in my lifetime.
I absolutely LOVED this movie!I've seen the show on Broadway and at the Muny and still think this movie was Great.I would like to see it again and again!!!
I have never been lucky enough to see the live broadway production. But I know the songs and I'm fairly cultured. I really enjoyed this film and admired the clever ways they did things and interpreted things into a cinema format. The singing was beautiful and casting brilliant. I think all the negative reviews are either by those who are theater snobs or those who had no clue what they were going to watch and what it was supposed to be. Was it amazing no. Was it great yes! Very enjoyable, attention capturing and entertaining.
The choreography was amazing!And the feline-like actions of the cast were fascinating.Anyone who enjoys musical productions should be pleased.
All the music was great, the dancers were also fantastic and every cat has a story to tell in song lmao it was weirdly entertaining
Lots of fun, straight off the stage, if you haven't seen the play, you may not get it. Watch it for the music and the performance
Top quality production, amazing singing, dancing, acting & sets. Went in with low expectations, found the film overall really good. Special effects were well-done, bringing the cat people to life, as well as a cat-centric 1930s period London. 
Cats was very well done. The music is terrific as is the dancing. The costumes are so well done. Jame Corbin has a great part. I saw the Broadway play several times and this is just as enjoyable. Jennifer Hudson sings Memories like only she can. Totally enjoyable movie...highly recommend. 
It was a nice movie very interesting
Movie was absolutely awful and we left about 45 minutes into it.Total waste of time and money.Super disappointing!
Costumes were interesting, some songs were good but beginning was very slow. Hard to figure out what the point was til late in the show!
I loved it. Yes the CGI was glitchy at parts but overall impressive. The movement they did with the ears and tails added so much to the movie. The casting for Victoria, Munkustrap, and Mr. Mistoffelees was spot on. They were the best part of the movie. I also have to point out the incredible tapping done by Skimbleshanks. As a fellow tap dancer I was blown away. I thought the singing was wonderful and Jennifer Hudson killed it in memories. It upsets me that people are hating on it so much, but the reason is because they've never heard of Cats before. If you don't know the story of course you won't like it as much. Also if you don't like singing and dancing what's the point of you coming. Let me point out that it's a MUSICAL.The fact that most people are going because it's popular to hate on the movie makes me shaking mad. Of course those people aren't going to like it because they have all of these horrible thoughts of what the movie is already in their minds. Maybe you shouldn't follow trends and think for yourself. I believe Andrew Lloyd Webber is a genius and while this musical is odd, it's still spectacular. Don't go in "blindly" or you won't like it. Do you research and really focus on the talent these performers have. I thought they did an amazing job of taking this stage show and bringing if to a screen. About the costuming. If you've never seen pictures of the musical then clearly you won't like it. They were trying to make it as similar to the stage production as possible which is why their hands and feet aren't CGI. The performers on broadway were wearing leotards with face paint and wigs, which is why the costuming looks like that. Also the reason they're on two legs most of the time, because it's based on the production. Could you imagine how odd it would be if they were on all fours the whole movie? Basically what I'm saying is I loved the movie and want to see it agin. Also if you don't know what it's about, research it instead of going in blindly and hating on it because you don't know what's happening. The plot might be confusing at first, but if you pay attention you'll understand what it's about. ALSO, maybe you should get a mind of your own instead of agreeing with the public beforeyou experience it yourself. Just go in with an open mind and focus on the talent. I just wish this wasn't getting hate, the three leads were phenomenal and should be getting way more recognition.
Having seen the play in London as a little girl, this was a great way to relive the experience. I know this movie has received a lot of negative reviews but I do not think they are warranted. The signing and dancing is wonderful in this rendition of the musical. If you are expecting a traditional movie musical experience this is not it, it is more like watching the play on screen. Watching it from this perspective, I think it was very well done. I hope more people go see this movie and give it the chance it deserves.
Meh. My parent liked it. A LOT. So glad that was true.
Fabulous dancing, singing, acting - beautiful sets. Just a great evening of entertainment. Its not the Broadway production, but something different and wonderful in its own right. A must-see!
Not my cup of tea. Idris looked terrible. Jennifer has snot on her face the whole movie.
I wish they had left some of the original songs alone. Taylor Swift isn't a powerful enough voice for the McCavity song....but it was cute otherwise.
I love the movie. Loved all the outfits, and specialeffects
Completely atrocious
Enjoyed the music and dancing. Have seen the play several timesmovie not as good but still entertaining.
I like it, I enjoy it very much, detailed production, great singing and dancing plus a touching rendition of Memory by Jennifer Hudson 
Best movie of the century better than the goddamn godfather.
Francesca Hayward was the only good thing in the movie. It was not good at all. Waste of time and money.
Where to start with this one... the nonsensical storyline.. the baffling musical numbers, the hideous vfx cat skin that is placed on the cast, rendering them all so weird looking that it is hard to even look at.... I don't know what they were thinking.. or what Judi Dench is even doing in this film... It gets one star cause a few of the production numbers are mildly entertaining... but even that is being generous.
I Hate musicals. But THIS ONE HOPE THEY WILL BEST MAKE UP AND BEST MUSIC. Its A LITTLE PETER PAN-ICH BUT I ENJOYED IT. Very very much 
I hated the musical, which I saw twice, but didn't understand. My wife felt the same. But we set aside our prejudice and critics' reviews and decided to give the film a chance--we were enchanted, to our great surprise (and finally understood its core message of the importance of forgiveness of self and others).
Made no sense. Could've had much better animation
A great movie! My 10 year old enjoyed it. Definitely a musical with 95% of singing! Great cast all around!
Soon after Boxing Day on 2019, four of us brave souls decided to brave this billion dollar mess which was the antipathic remake of this campy Andrew Lloyd Weber musical called Cats which would forever come to haunt us to this very day. All I will say is this reinforces the fact that what happens on Broadway should stay on Broadway.This whole thing seemed like one drug-induced furry fever-dream. It was like something that came out of the mind of a junkie who had taken more LSD than was seized at Woodstock mixed with more coke than Stephen King was on when he directed Maximum Overdrive while coked out of his mind in the '80s and believe us when we say you can't even sit through the whole thing unless you snort several lines of coke beforehand while drinking copious amounts of liquor as this thing becomes progressively more horrific as it goes on.As for the horror, where do I begin? I consider myself quite the connoisseurof horror movies - the good, the bad, the ugly - but this was something on an entirely different plane of bizarre and grotesque. This was something straight out of a long lost Lovecraftian tale of terror: I am now going to need extensive therapy as I have been having traumatic flashbacks to the cockroaches with human faces being eaten by Rebel Wilson ever since all the alcohol and drugs I took to sit through this mess had worn off. In my nightmares I AM one of the cockroaches. I have not been able to sleep, haunted by chilling visions of a giant anthropomorphic cat superimposed with Rebel Wilson's face. "No! Don't come any closer!" I cry as my wife wonders why I wake up screaming in the middle of the night and cowering in the kitchen cupboard only to find that my own cats have suddenly not become anthropomorphic furry monsters and are just meowing at me for actual cat food.Up until now I have considered myself a proud crazy cat guy in training. Unfortunately seeing the Cats movie has ruined cats for me and I'm now wondering if I should adopt a dog instead. I cannot look at my own cat without hearing the voice in my head performing that awful Rum-Tum-Tugger cover. It's like such a soul-destroying version of the original and just hearing it sent me to the depths of despair. It was like being stabbed as the void in my soul was torn open and I felt my will to live scurry out. "We must run!" I heard each fragment of my soul say at that moment when I felt the emptiness setting in and realised I would rather have been listening to whatever they play in the Guantanmo Bay torture chamber than be paying money to subject myself to the Cats (2019) soundtrack. By the time furry Taylor Swift was sprinkling her catnip I was already in a state of pure inebriation to numb my empty wounded soul from the abject dread and perverse inclinations of this movie but this scene itself is an accurate metaphor for the entire movie itself. The musical Cats used to make me think of a quirky Broadway musical based on the poems by T.S. Eliot but now... the very name fills me with nothing but disturbing images of drug-fuelled terror! WHYYYYY TOM HOOPER?? You have stolen my dreams and my soundness with your empty remake. HOW DARE YOU.
This was an excellent movie if you already loved the play. I am confused why I keep reading the movie is terrible.All the performances were top notch with Jennifer Hudson leading the pack.
Good choreography. Hands and feet of cast was bare instead of being cover like a cat
Sweet mother of god that was bad.I think I could live to 200yrs old and it still wouldn't be enough time for me to forget seeing Jennifer Hudson snot drip down her nose during "Memory".Yuck!
The critics are crazy!!Loved it!
Extremely under-rated.It is well worth seeing.
Absolutely dreadful, unintelligible bad music and horrible character design
By the end of the film, Ive suspended disbelief and Ann enjoying the film. It hits all of its emotional notes. For at least the first third of the film, the film fails to give the viewer an sense of a coherent place where the action takes place
If you don't know the original musical this might not be for you, but if you love the original show you'll love this movie! Amazing vocals and choreography and such a good representation of the story. Just remember a cat is not a dog :)
Loved the music and dancing good story line and the costumes were fabulous my husband and I both loved it
The critics got it wrong. Cats is forever, and this is Cats.
If you are going to watch it, I recommend popping an edible first. try to time it to where it kicks in about 15 minutes into the movie.
Loved this musical great acting and singing. Fun movie even for kids around 9 or 10.
Great movie adaptation of the stage musical. You really get to know each character as the stage play and musical numbers introduce them. Costumes and makeup were great, each cat had a look to express his/her own personality. Choreography was exceptional, true to the spirit of live Broadway, fun to watch when CGI was used (cats dancing with mice and cockroaches). We will watch this again when it streams. 
How - HOW did this get made? It's insane and beautiful and weird and hilarious and seriously how they convince Dame Judy Dench to nuzzle so much?This is a movie about nothing - it doesn't make sense. So just sit back and let Sir Ian McKellan's meows wash over you. The man laps from a saucer. Standing up! He's an effing Knight! How did they pitch this to him??I laughed til I cried four times. 5 stars.
The costumes were great and the story was good and I loved Jennifer Hudsons song
It was a little hard to follow but the dancing was a joy to watchJennifer Hudson was a delighther song at the end brought most of the movie goers to tearspowerful songcomedy segments only made me giggle
The abridged, sparksnote version would be:A.) The majority of the actors looked terrible under all that CGIB.) There was barely any plot for a 2 hour movie. It was thinner than Kelv after being sat on by NomC.) The renditions of the music was, for the most part, terrible. The original play/broadway had class and funk, meanwhile they try to modernize it while trying to stay true to the original and it just... doesnt work. D.) Its too long. It needed to be trimmed down.E.) nitpick There were times where I caught the cgi being so bad, you can see which layer certain objects were on. Example, theres a rail yard scene there were a few times when some of the cats props - high heels to be exact - were static and didnt move with the character, so for a brief moment, it looks like a clip art picture of a high heel.F.) The movie was rated PG yet it was overtly sexual in a lot of parts. I was surprised it wasnt PG-13. The way the actors moved and interacted with each other was unsettling.G.) They took a great actor like Ian McKellen and give him some of the worst direction in a movie Ive ever seen him in.
Worst film Ive seen in a long time.
Computerized special effects took away from choreography. Kids thought it was weird but still wanted to watch film. Without having seen the stage production I dont think it would be enjoyable
Most amazing thing Ive ever seen!Not in any way good.But a spectacle nevertheless. Buy that ticket you wont regret it and youll be talking about it for weeks
Entertaining. Great music
I never could appreciate the Broadway production of cats. but this screenplay adaptation brought that wonderful stage play musical to life. I was mesmerised through every scene. you don't have to like felines to LOVE 'CATS'. 
Outstanding in all respects. The music, of course, was amazing and the actors were so well cast.I've seen the musical in London several times and enjoyed the movie just as much!
Horrible Went in hoping for the best but it was awful. Some of the songs could have been good if Jennifer didnt have snot dripping from her face. It was weird and had no idea what was going on.
they don't make water hot enough to wash away the sin of not walking out in the first 5min
Solid 7.2 out of 10. Was deeply unsettled when the old cat started singing directly to me but I still liked it. Going to pet my cat when I get home.
you know the way people said Thor the dark world was bad for Marvel? you know how every single DC movie that is released is worst that the previous one? well it seems like the producer of this movie wanted to prove wrong to all the people who were thinking that. he wanted to show everyone what a bad movie really is. one of the only movie n my life that I left in the middle of the movie because I was bored and felt like it was a waist of time. one of the creepiest CGI characters ever, likeeven the first Sonic trailer looked better. please don't waist your time and money on this movie there are so many good movies playing right now.
Cats the Broadway show is a hard show to watch. Cats the movie is no different. However! Go see it to watch Jennifer Hudson sing Memory...wowza!
Ok, I'm going to be completely honest. Was the film weird? Yes. But the show CATS has ALWAYS been weird. I remember seeing it for the first time as a child watching The Royal Variety Show.So yeah the show is weird, and strange, and the cats have always looked creepy but the film wasn't half bad. The whole cast gave a great performance, the singing and dancing was incredible as was the cinematography.Is it one of my favourite stage musicals? No. Is it one of my favourite move musicals? No, but it wasn't as bad as some (many) made it out to be. I think a lot of people went into this film not really knowing much about it. I also don't believe the cgi was awful, not perfect by any means but not terrible, and honestly the stage costumes are just as horrifying lolAll in all I enjoyed the performances, especially Gus: The Theatre Cat, Skimbleshanks: The Railway Cat, Macavity and Memory.And I've definitely seen and paid for worst films.
creepy and felt like violating
Terrible.Half the theater walked out before I did. Save your money.
The story was hard to follow, awkward unexpected shifts. poor acting from some characters.
The special effects were great but some parts of the story was silly.
it was an acceptable way to spend 2 hours I guess. you'll spend most of the time wondering what exactly is going on. In that sense, it has done the original musical justice.
Great choreography, great story line! Fantastic acting!!
This movie is enjoyable.Taylor Swift, Jennifer Hudson, and Rebel Wilson, all shine.
The CATS movie was brilliant and really fun to watch! I was a little afraid to see it after all the bad reviews. Now that I have, Im a little baffled by them actually. If you arent familiar or aware that this is based off of a play (do you live under a rock?), then perhaps it seemed strange. CATS could never be like a normal movie, but whats wrong with that? Its nice to have different kinds of movies, and its actually a great adaption from the play! The play itself can be considered unusual. Its based on a book of poems by T.S. Elliot, set to music, and a very loose plot puts together very theatrical characters. The movie version has all the same feeling of this beloved play & added slightly more storytelling & lots of humor. The new song written for the movie was beautiful! My biggest criticism would be the shaky way Jennifer Hudsons voice was largely wasted in what could have been a very powerful rendition of the plays most famous song, Memory. Even so, the performances by this very talented cast were all fantastic! Honestly, if you dont like this film, you probably just dont like musicals. Which is okay (I guess), but it shouldnt be judged just for its genre. It also shouldnt be judged by people who never liked the play. I dont like horror books or movies, so it would be pointless for me to review one. If you love the original play, like musicals, are open minded, or have a sense of humor-youll surely find CATS the movie to be a lot of fun!! Great job to the director, ALW, and the cast! It makes me sad to see the negativity surrounding this movie. I think many people just dont get it, because for what it is, it was fantastic!!
Derulo sang in an opera voice. I would have preferred his pop sound. As for the rest, I think it was a really cool update to a dated classic. The cool technology for changing the actors into cats was way better than the old piled on make up. Things I really enjoyed: a variety in dance styles, very funny scenes, bright and colorful sets that made you want to be a cat for a day, tears for the feeling of hopelessness we can feel from making bad life choices, and finding happiness no matter where you are in life a was great reminder.It isn't for everybody. It is a Broadway adaptation. It wordy, British, nonsensical and you have to see it exspecting that. The criticism is understandable for changing characters parts, but the content was all there and it flowed the way intended. I think the change from late 70s early 80s music and costume styling is very abrupt. However, I think the modernization doesn't harm to quality of the plays roots. People are being to harsh in their negative reviews.
This is an animated movie. All other animated movies are given 2-3 years for design and production. This movie needed to be filmed AND animated with precise computer generated images, but only given a little over a year. It shows.
It was a little slow relaying the story line, enjoyed the last half the most. Would recommend to see once.
Cinematic disaster. 1) The "Cats" were horrific looking and lazily made. 2) I don't even know what story they were going for because it was so badly written.
"Cats" is a bad movie in pretty much every aspect. The movie showed little promise with its visually creepy trailers that most audiences were right to be concerned about. I have never seen the stage production in any form so I went into this movie not knowing what it was about. After seeing it, I still can't tell you what it was about, because the plot was completely nonsensical. Every scene is virtually a set up for a musical number, which I don't usually mind if there's a good story behind the wheel, but there isn't here. The movie either made me uncomfortable or bored me for the entirety of its runtime. As a musical, some of the songs are okay at best, but even in that music, the movie did nothing for me. In the end, it's one of the worst movies I've seen in some time.
The visual effects were breathtaking.Wonderful characterizations and staging.Terrific dancing .
liked the music and dancing.story was tiresome.
Whimsical film. Excellent music. Stunning visuals. Computer effects not flawless, but human faces on furry bodies is really not a big deal. Lacks substantial plot, but the musical is based on poetry by T.S. Eliot. Like a poem, Cats stands on its own, and it makes sense to be appreciated as such. With a suitable mindset, definitely a good watching experience.
I have read the book, learned all of the songs and characters and loved it! I have seen the play several times and loved it!!! And I now have seen the movie and loved it!!! If you know nothing about the book or have never seen the play, you wouldnt understand it or watch it long enough to understand the movie! I loved everything about the movie!!!
Beautiful interpretation of T.S. Eliot's poems. Fantastic dance, beautiful singing. I was skeptical because of previous reviews and because a pop singer was cast, but thank goodness she was in the movie less than 10 minutes. Great imagery.Unique dialogue. I think if you didn't like it, you lack imagination.
Due to the tremendous amount of hate that this film has received I didn't know what to expect when I saw it. I was blown away by how good this film was compared to the teaching it has received. I guarantee you that if you go see this film you'll wonder what all of the negative reviewers saw. The dancing was great, the effects were awesome and the performances were great. The music was wonderful. I loved every second of it. Again don't believe the negative hype destroying this wonderful film please go see it before it leaves the theaters. I will definitely buy the Blu-ray when it becomes available.
Avoid this movie. This is a musical movie based on the broadway musical Cats. However, the music was noisy and inconsistent, often cutting the song sequence to insert random dialog from Rebel Wilson. And the director allowed some dialog into unrhyming coarse singing, that should have just remained regular dialog. Special effects were amazingly done, even if it was weird to look at.
I dont know why everyone is so against this movie. Its certainly wasnt up to the theatrical version by any stretch but was entertaining and enjoyable.
Our young daughters who are both big fans of the TS Elliot book and ALW musical both loved it. We only went because of them but thoroughly enjoyed it as well.Cats is a transposition of one of the great but incredibly abstract stage musicals to the movie format. For me it's a refreshing change to the Hollywood norm and the movie worked really well - notably a more coherent and easier story arc to engage with than the musical. I actually thought the big names were great and suitably over the top, although maybe Idris Elba could have hammed it up a bit more. The female lead whose name I can't remember was excellent and gave a cleverly directed audience perspective throughout. Taylor Swift was also brilliant. I don't understand the panning this film is getting and I am certain history will be kinder, and that many musical/dance fans and children as well as accompanying parents will enjoy it. It is actually a great family movie.
I saw Cats on New Years Day! I thought it was absolutely fabulous!! The music and dance was mesmerizing and flawless! I found it extremely interesting and the cast was spectacular! I enjoyed it so much that I could sit through it again and again!! Highly recommend. I will add that I'm 61 and 6 of us went together (all in the 50-70 year old range)! We all enjoyed it very much! Maybe age is a factor or appreciation of wonderful and flawlessly delivered music and dance is a factor? I'm not sure, but we almost changed our selection based on the early reviews! Boy are we glad we didn't change! All of the cast was fabulous, but extra kudos to Francesca Hayward! She was truly remarkable!! Thanks to all who helped create this masterpiece!
Mr. Mistopholese, they did you so wrong.My 10 year old loves the stage show.She asked to leave before the end because she was so upset and in tears.
I.....I think it took away what innocence I had left.
How did some furry movie get put in theaters ... oh wait this is a actual movie meant for the theaters. Oh no
If you liked the Broadway musical, you'll enjoy this movie!
Costume design was beautiful. Music/songs wonderful. Great cast.
Some movies are an experience because they are so bad.Then there are the movies that are so bad that they just bore you.How Cats ever became a musical phenominon is beyond me, except for my friends explaining that its an immersive experience in a live performance. As a movie, cats is awkward. One cat after another introduces themselves to support a very loose plot... and that's it. A cat is awarded basically re-incarnation into another form.Its impossible to get past the tens of millions spent on a lavish production of beautiful sets, lush lighting, talented dancers, idolized actors, and a direction that will forever rival the worst films of all time.You'll keep shaking your head.Then maybe, like me, you'll find yourself closing your eyes in boredom.Its just sad.
It's so cringy, the animation is awful
This movie is the most terrifying movie ever. It so bad. Omg I'm watching it right now like this is actually awful. Like wtf are they. Doing rn. There is no plot. Not enough cat sex. I'm scared. I hate this. Now it's getting up beat. Jason deraulosang about his trumpets to much. To much sexual tension for a lack of sex scenes.
Everything I wanted from a cats redo and moreThe characters matched their songs betterAnd they got a plot into it despite neither the original book or the musical not really having any
it was literally the most boring movie on the face of the earth
This film is about what you would expect if you did acid while working in a pet shelter. Jokes aside, the plot ranges from incoherent to completely non-existent. Most of the time it just felt like no one cared about what was happening or why, and they don't bother to pretend otherwise. As an example of what I'm talking about here, very early in the first act, you learn that cats all have "three different names." The film then breaks into song explaining that a cat's first name is the name humans refer to it by. Its second name is a name it chooses for itself which seems to have the necessity of being incredibly pretentious and it must contain at least three syllables. I made up those conditions but they seem to be the unspoken rules that the cats set for themselves. The movie then goes on to completely forget that it told you cats have "three" names, and you never learn anything about the third one. It's just forgotten, and never brought up again. While this isn't the most egregious problem in the film, it happens very early on and it's a love letter to the consistency found in the rest of the runtime. "Cats" isn't just a nightmare to look at. It's a disaster on every theatrical level. The story can be summed up by saying that a bunch of cats, who are called "Gelicals" have a talent show once a year, and Judy Dench chooses the winner of said Talent show. Their prize is to ride in a hot air balloon to.. we have no idea. We don't know why they get in a hot air balloon, we don't know what happens to them afterwards, we don't know where they're going, and we don't even know what a "Gelical" cat is. There are a ton of words like this in the film that paint a story if some overarching Cats cinematic universe that doesn't exist. Like "Gumby cats." They don't explain what any of these words mean, and pretty much every member of the cast says them completely differently, so it's difficult to even tell exactly what they are saying at all. You have no idea what is happening during this film and it makes no effort to explain anything. Why can some cats do sorcery? We will never know. There are about two songs that aren't absolutely abysmal. One of which is the song from the trailer. It's clear why they chose that one. The CGI is terrible, but you knew that already. But what you might have not realized is that, outside of the main cast, the CGI is actually much worse.They put far less effort into the countless unnamed dancing cats in the film and they look like something from a PS2-era video game cutscene. I would give the film the lowest score possible, but if I did that, Rotten Tomatoes wouldn't aggregate my score as existing and would treat it as a troll review. That's actually explained on the website itself, I'm not just making that up. I may have seen a film worse than this one in my life, but none come to mind. I had hoped the film would at least dip into the "so bad it's good" genre, but it accomplishes no such thing. The Room, this is not. If there's anything to take from my review before you see the film, let it be that if you ever wanted to see Gandalf drinking from a saucer, you're in luck.
The one star is for the singers and the dancers. Otherwise don't waste your money. It's creepy. Really. I wanted leave 10 minutes in and the audience laughed at the end.
I enjoyed the movie immensely. The music and dancing were very good. If you understand the message and enjoy musicals u wont be disappointed. There were a few slow parts but overall im glad i didn't let the negative reviews sway me and went to see it for myself!
Ive loved this musical since I was a child, so I knew I would love the movie.But I can understand how some people might not enjoy it as much - it really is intended to be a stage performance, so if someone hasnt seen it as a stage show, and theyre just going to see a movie, they may not appreciate it as much.
It was totally entertaining.The performances were wonderful.
I dont understand why people are bashing on this movie so badly. Yeah, the cgi is a little funky at times, but if you allow yourself to be immersed in the story and magic of cats youll not really be distracted by it. The songs are still the songs of cats, the story is still the story of cats. I could have done without Rebel Wilson in her entirety as she really added nothing to the story and just added crudeness that is unnecessary in cats. I think a lot of people dont get this type of movie and if you dont you never will, but if you do get it I think you will love it.
My review is just don't go! It's awful! It really doesn't transfer well from stage to screen.. We left half way through, it was that bad!
I loved all the acting & the actors running around. I forgot what sets was about, so heart warming & sad at times. Sometimes it was hard to hear some of the actors (actually it was the Male actors). I'm going to buy the DVD when it comes out.
It was terrible!I didn't have high expectations after watching the first trailer but I still gave it a shot.Boy was i wrong!The special effects were phenomenal however the rest of the show was a crapshoot. Next
The acting was good but there was something that just didnt work.
This movie is straight ass and dont waste time or money on this piece of S*** and we left half was through this garbage
Such a shame this movie received such bad reviews...I thought it was fantastic!
decided to sleep through it instead
I actually loved this movie! The reviews are over the top bad and many of them criticize the movie for being too strange (and it IS very strange). I watched dozens of youtube reviews prior to seeing this movie. The reviews are certainly entertaining in their own right and are often hilarious in their delivery but many of them I feel are, in fact, mini studies of the film rather than actual reviews. Because of this, I feel the film is like an odd sculpture that forces its viewers to analyze the work and try to make sense of it (which is good art IMHO). Many reviewers make good points in their commentary/critique of the film and many of the observations ARE valid. Maybe, since I was armed with all these 'mini-studies' prior to seeing the film, I knew what to expect when I finally saw it. In fact, it was much better than I was expecting. This movie is an experimental (albeit expensive) dreamscape. It is a flurry of 'moments' that move from scene to scene with no expectation of being set in any physical human reality. I feel the shifting physical scales and emotional tones are a perfect embodiment of a true cat's inner mind/workings and we are seeing a strange manifestation of their world. If you just let go and let it take you for a ride you may enjoy yourself. But I do think there are some pre-requisites to enjoying this movie. A) You HAVE to like stage musicals. This movie FELT like being in a theatre to me - not a movie. B) You have to appreciate artsy, experimental works. This movie IS NOT playing it safe and is 'out-there'. It was quite refreshing actually. C) You gotta like WEIRD. The weird artistic factor was on par with the motion picture of The Wiz I would say (though this is a MUCH better movie than The Wiz). The CGI works in my opinion once you let go of reality and/or all rationalization. *If you embrace the strange it is transcendent and glorious.* SERIOUSLY. I actually truly did love Cats... I think as the years go on this movie will be appreciated more and more in retrospect. I also wonder if people would get more out of it with subtitles because the lyrics are deep and poetic and if they go over people's heads quickly much of the art is lost. Anyway, that is my two cents.
Terrific show for people who like broadway type shows. great music and costumes
The only thing worth watching was Jennifer Hudson.
Very confusing, we left half way through
Man kann nicht ein Theater so auf die Leinwand bringen wie es in diesem Film passiert
Catchy songs, great dancing, LOL scenes and heartfelt moments - everything a musical is all about!
I think it couldn't have been much better.It was magnificent!I can't imagine why it got such bad reviews.
I have gone to the play twice and I really didn't like it and swore I'd never attend another performance despite how many excited were there. I think this wasMainly because I didn't understand the story. I think the Movie was good because it did clarify things quite a bit for me and I like seeing the characters up close right down to their whiskers and I thought the dancing was terrific!
Love the musical via play , but it wasn't very good in the movie , the viewers discretion is advice
This was not a movie, more of a recital.
Never saw the movie. Just wondering what kind of drugs these people were on to think that this would be a good movie. What the actual f**** is wrong with these people
First half was very slow. Second half was better. I thought Taylor Swift stole the show. Jennifer Hudson was weak. I don't know how she got the part but it wasn't her voice!
The worst of all time. 
Being huge fans of the original Broadway show - my daughters and I couldn't wait to see this movie. Midway through the show, we couldn't wait for it to end. Incredibly disappointing and a disgrace to the original Broadway performance. The bare, human hands the too human faces the disturbing action of Rebel Wilson unzipping and removing her "cat skin" the little "rat/mice people" running around the fat, clumsy, comical portrayal of Bustopher Jones and JennyAnyDots the uncomfortable face-to-face and nose-to-nose rubbing and the out-of-place, sci-fi storyline of Macavity.This movie made a mockery of the grace and dignity of the original play.
Unnerving CGI/costumes. Mostly bad songs. The hands and feet had no continuity. The plot about the heaviside layer was stupid and contrived. The incidental music was dull and dumb. The actors gave decent performances but the format gave them no chance to develop, or even illustrate their characters beyond a song that is literally just Eliot's poems.. The cat body language was all wrong. The bleeding cockroach dance gave me nightmares. That red balloon with the chandelier carrying Grizabella off into the sunset is just stupid. I could go on. Stupid film, stupid director, stupid composer and confused actors. The sight of Sir Ian MacKellern lapping up water will live in my subconscious forever. Didn't understand how Old Deteronomy was giving a Jellicle cat a chance of a new life. Was that ever explained. It certainly made no sense. This is MUCH WORSE than Slender Man.
The movie itself was not bad, but the horrible choice to CGI everything really ruined it.
I loved the movie. So did my husband. I dont know why the movie is getting bad reviews.
Was a good story line which I didn't get as well with the original version.Music of course was great as is anything from Andrew Lloyd Webber.
It was kinda boring.
Heard its bad, so skipping it!
I was SO excited when I watched the preview for Cats, I even thought, wow this is going to be so good, Im going to cry. Well, when we were actually watching it, I wanted to cry, but not because it was so good, because it was so horrible. You cant simply hire an amazing A-list cast and ask them to put on a musical! Theyre actors, not musicians/singers, it was truly disheartening. Some of the singing was SO bad and the Actor sang so out of tune, it was laughable. Thank goodness James and Jennifer were a part of the movie, as theyve actually performed in musicals and are professional singers, not just actors. This is one of the musicals that has a great deal of singing compared to some. So the fact that the cast didnt include any REAL LEGIT Broadway Stars, is a travesty. My Adult Professional Musical Theatre Son had warned me before the movie, that Cats had received horrible reviews. But I try not to rely on reviews and judge the movie on my own enjoyment or not. Well my Son and I both fell asleep, at some point, and were only woken up, when I started to snoreSO embarrassingWe also watched a family walk out, after a half hour or so, and never came back into the theatre! Save your money, AND if youre really curious, wait for it to come on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon PRIME or any other service you might use! 
Just what you expected it to be: A crazy cat ladys fever dream
The movie was absolutely stunning! The costumes were so beautiful and the cats ears and tales had me mesmerized. The singing was superior to the original recordings and Miss Hudson can not be topped. She proved yet again, why Simon Cowell was so wrong in every way about her refreshing and honest talent. She was in tears for her part and her song memories brought out my tears as well. I felt like she was singing directly to me!! Bravo, 6 or 7 digits up (poly-dactyle cats of course). The newcomer Francesca is superb, as are Taylor Swift, James Cordon, Idris Elbis, Dame Judy Dench, Ian McKellum and all the rest of the cast can meow for me anytime. Any critics panning this musical or slamming it by erroneously comparing it to Star Wars and Frozen Ii, , .....should be skinned and stuffed as fakes, this is real theatre, with excellent actors/singers and should be treated as such. This is not RamboFinal Killing Chapter nor us it Minions Part 4. This is original, unique and beautiful as are its feline stars.Meow, Meow, give me meore.Yours for at least 9 lives,Roberta Bird Evans
Es muy aburrida me dan miedo los gatos parece una nueva fea especie la historia no me gusto asqueroso la pelcula
We absolutely loved this movie! We've seen the Broadway play a few times and I liked the movie just as much or better but you must remember this IS a musical so it's not a typical movie you see at a movie theater.
Liked:Strong cast, costume design and a few songs (tap dancer and Taylor Swift)Disliked:Beginning is confusing, can't understand lyrics in many parts, not particularly funny when it's supposed to be, no explanation of what a "gelico" is, waaaay too many songs..needs a bit more dialogue.
A few classic songs but overall pretty rough to sit through
I really didn't like it
I saw it before I reviewed it and I thought it was brilliant. The other people who have given it poor reviews I don't believe have actually seen it.
Judy Dench couldnt sing or act. She looked like the cowardly line. Taylor Swift was unforgettable. Jennifer Hudson butchered memories.,Jim cordon was the only highlight. And why would they cast Rebel Wiilson and start the show with her. That set a bad tone.
I saw the movie with my family for New Years evening in an old movie theatre in Berlin. I liked the new Cats version. We live in a world of modern techniqueand movies are able to show a high amount of special effects, it was included into Cats.... it was not disturbing me because German movies do not have such effects. Many actors and dancing artists , singers did a great job. And we should not forget that peoples taste is different... we had fun and say thank you to the Cats :-)
Terrible movie. Very disappointed. Could not understand lyrics of opening track. Not audible. Does it have a storyline? I walked out.
Cats is the movie for fans. Everebody who is'nt familiar with Jellicle cats and Broadway or West End Performance can't understand what happened on screen. Who is jellicle cat, what happened there etc... Whole musical about humanity - who is chosen one to reborn a leve again - that one who lives every day to the fullest or that one who had to live mayby she was respected in history but nowdats everybady is hating her for nothing or that one who was respected in history for good acting and nowdays he is not acting but stil respected etc...
Don't waste your time
music was amazing. Did not know Taylor was so talented. Jennifer Hudson deserves an academy award. And even loved the humorous moments with Rebel and James Cordon.
Not as bad as the reviews. It's worth seeing, and hearing, for the music alone. And the new song by Taylor Swift (and Andrew Lloyd Webber) is GREAT.
Not bad, but not great either.
The movie has the plus of actually putting some plot into the cats music.The music was good, and the dancing quite nice too.The only thing I really didn't like was when the cats tails were all synchronized together.That was just weird.Ms 11 says "Even better than the Greatest Showman!Nearly as good as Frozen II"
I have a hard time understanding why Cats has been so panned by critics and audiences. The play as written doesn't have much of a plot and the only memorable song is Memory. However, I enjoyed the movie version more than the stage production I saw in Chicago in the 1980s. People need to keep in mind this is a fantasy. While the movie CGI costumes could be cleaned up a bit, they did not bother me like the stage costumes did.I found the movie to be much more interesting thenthe play. The sets and the dance numbers were able to be more extensive and I enjoyed the singing.I am a fan of musical theater and I am happy I saw this movie.
I absolutely loved it, I have seen this as a child at a live show. It's almost like being in the show on stage, the ballet, and music is just as I remember it.
Omg it was so bad. I stuck around only because my 9 yr old wanted to watch. But Id never have gone if Id known it was going to be that mediocre.
I went in with low expectations...and was still disappointed.Worst movie I have ever seen...
The human faces on the cats simply perplexed me, but the humans hands and feet outright terrified me.
Loved it!The cast was great, singing and dancing was on point!The story line was explained more than what you get from the stage performance (Ive seen it twice on stage).I would see it again at the theater and Im looking forward to purchasing it when its available.
We totally enjoyed the musical Cats show. The music, the dance, and the costumes are outstanding!
If you have never seen the show on stage, or at least the 1998 recording, or you have and you didn't like it, then you will not enjoy this movie.If you enjoy this musical, you will enjoy this film.Anyone that can't get over their fascination with the CGI, faces, etc, was convinced that they weren't going to like it before they even left the house because internet.The cats in Cats have never not been humanoid figures with human faces, skin-tight suits, and cat make-up.Never.They didn't dumb anything down, in fact, they added dialogue to explain why certain cats were singing songs about themselves and established a "main character" so that we had eyes to watch through.I left this film in a wonderful mood.I'm going to pretend that I didn't make the mistake of looking at Rotten Tomatoes when I got home.
Excellent performances and great musical arrangements. It's not for everyone, it's a bit odd but if you accept it for what it is then it's a very enjoyable movie and beautifully made. Critics and other reviewers alike are far harsher on this movie than it deserves.
incomplete VFX, poor choreography, poor covers of classic original songs, and overall a bad adaptation of a timeless Loyd musical.
The reviews are way too harsh.I enjoyed this a lot.There is wonderful dancing and some beautiful music.The ending was quite touching.
My 6 year old liked it but it was a bit hard to keep up with the content for me. I believe you would need to have a good understanding of the plot in order to enjoy it more.
Not sure what all the hate was about. It isn't an action adventure, but who thought it would be? It's a Broadway musical with CGI instead of set pieces.
If you love the show and the music, it is worth seeing.The make-up and "fur" was amazing.Dancing was excellent.Although it goes with the story, the set was often so dark that characters and scenery got lost.At times it literally seemed slightly out of focus which I found distracting.
As soon as you stop taking this movie seriously, the fun begins. For me it was after the dancing cockroaches.This is a movie so bad that it's good. Jennifer Hudson put on an oscar winning performance. That was the serious end. Then you have the great Sir Ian McKellen. He was as equally as great. But while Hudson tried to turn a bad movie into a good movie. Mr McKellen embraced the silliness. I'm convinced the director went "Ian, We want you to be a cat" and he though "They want a cat.... They're getting a cat." He acted as if he was actually a cat.While you are thinking how is this 5 stars? Well that's because I can't give it anything higher. A movie to me trys to entertain you. This is what the movie did. I did not know what to expect while sittingin the theater for the movie to start. But I came out speechless. Words could not describe what I just saw.
the only enjoyable aspect of this movie was jason derulos fat ass in a skin tight cat suit. made me horny asf . same with james corden. the plot was messy and extremely hard to follow with the 9 minute songs every few minutes. i wish my one and only love, taylor, had more of an appearance. I also enjoyed lizzos incredible acting in this movie. But alas, A cat! is not a dog! i also enjoyed that the cast had their bare toes exposed. i wish there was a bit more LGBTQ+ representation. a few scenes there had me desiring just a little bit more sexual tension. was really wishing victoria and old deuteronomy had some sort of kiss.a cinematic masterpiece.
it was a cute movie!my granddaughter loved it! we had a great time!
Loved it. Great music, fabulous cast, whimsical costumes and breathtaking ballet.Loved it.
Not worth your time!A couple of good songs and good costumes but the plot dragged on and onFrankly, I was disappointed and bored.
We all thought it was great.excellent music, singing, sets.
If I could rate it zero stars I could this movie was so bad
I loved the costumes, the music and the acting.I think you have to have an understanding of what to expect. ut if you understand the Musical, it is very entertaining.
As somebody who run a cat colony we loved it. it still Cats that I saw in the Theater the one with a stage. It's amazing set to see the scale.Andrew Lloyd Webber Music is still great & T. S. Eliot. I think they would be proud. All the Actors are great the English contingent Really Brings it home.Maybe it feels Quirky but that would make it ENGLISH. I got to go feed a cat. nite
I enjoyed Taylor Swift's performance of Macavity .. tHe Mr. Mistofelees scene. Victoria the cat is graceful and cute at the same time. Beautiful Ghost and Memory made me cry.
Daughter and I loved it!
15 minutes in to the movie, I turned to my daughter and asked, "wth is this movie?". Once the first group dance sequence started, the entire audience (all 15 of us?) burst into laughter. The laughter continued throughout the movie. Nothing made sense to me. The CGI was disturbing. I've heard they want to replace the human hands with cat paws. Like I told my friend via text, paws are not going to save this film. Quite honestly, it was the worst movie I've ever seen.
Obviously, any bad reviews from people that never saw the original production (or are general haters).The performances were amazing and the songs brought back so many great memories.I do think the producers did not use Jennifer Hudson to her full capability (and several tissues would have been helpful).I loved it!
I thought the movie was greatMake up and effects were very goodLoved it
Boring. The only good thing was the dancing and there was very little of that.
It's fascinating to watch for the bad special effects. My partner said it best when he said it looks like they relied on Snapchat technology. Things like collars and whiskers appear/disappear. Cat coats change colors and tail length is very inconsistent.I'm uncertain why we saw so much of Jennifer Hudson's snot. Odd one for sure.
Extremely horny and bewildering. So, like the play.
Its for those who enjoy musicals. J Huds rendition of Memories brought us to tears.
The movie has so many advantages over the play. The stunning beauty of Francesca Howard close up and the CG that allowed the ears and tails to look so lifelike captivated us. I mean, Francesca is really gorgeous and up close she really makes the movie. The songs, the dancing and the costumes were amazing. I'd see it again. We loved it.
Dont listen to the "critics".This is worth seeing.
this movies is not only visually gross, it is boring, which is somehow worse
We loved the movie Cats. It had great acting, singing and dancing. The movie added more to the story line so you could follow it and the CGI was fantastic.I think it's a great Movie for all family members, highly recommend it.
Followed the play and enjoyed the music. Sentimental favorite.
this isn't a film; it's an experience
I have seen the stage show a couple of times and Ienjoyed this movie as did my 12 year old grand daughter. James Cordon and Rebel Wilson were hillarious, Ian McKellen was spectacular (my favourite cat) but all the main characters were excellent and definitely transformed into cats. The lighting was beautiful and the sets cat size. I know its a musical but I did long for more dialogue or some songs to be spoken instead of sung to make some things more dramatic. The last song was simply purrfect!
Id rather stare at my own poop for 2 hours than watch this god awful movie 
Only good thing was the makeup and set! A lot of great actors but total let down, its a flop! Could not follow story line because you can barely understand what they are saying when they sing.
Loved the cat characters, the music, the dancing, singing and the choreography,! The costumes and makeup were phenomenal! It's a must-see ! Jennifer Hudson was fantastic! Love her voice!
Like very much the music the acting and Jennifer Hudson song
Ok, its a musical people! Not sure what some were expecting, but there will be singing and dancing. Was the cgi off? Yes, at times, yet there is nothing said of Chewbacca, who looks ridiculous. If you see this and are not moved by Jennifer Hudsons performance, you might wanna have yourself checked. 
Outstanding cast and choreography. Loved the new CGI enhanced production of an always timely and valuable message.
Those unfamiliar with the original source material, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats, by T. S. Eliot, May think the film strange. And those dedicated to the stage musical may find fault.However, this interpretation is refreshingly new, with emphasis placed on the poetry and the character of each cat. More soul. Jennifer Hudson gives a heart wrenching rendition of Memory. Naysayers should focus on what it is instead of what it is not.
True to original,beautiful choreography.
Best comedy and horror movie of the year. Never laughed so hard in one movie which ended in a standing ovation from the audience. Great surreal journey, would recommend.
Absolutely awful!! Walked out of the theatre half way through
it's like a bad acid trip
It was like taking heroin in a Petco
The songs made the movie ok, but this felt like the nightmare you have when you are sick and have taken too much NyQuil.
Bad bad bad I hate it so much. I hate cats. It is no different than a dead bloody rotting flattened piece of roadkill that you would find in a the depths of the underworld rotting away for all eternity. The cgi is ugly and terrible. The the acting despite the famous cast is so bad it makesme want to puke. I am disgusted. I would rather eat human diarrhea off of a homeless mans foot. There is no story and no plot whatsoever. I feel no connection to the characters. Half of the time I don't even know what's going on. The whole movie feels like a weird nightmare that doesn't end. Cats is 100000x more disgusting than the emoji movie
Better than road show.
I liked the movie and it helped me understand the songs and characters from the play.It was a little slow going though.The kids were bored and didnt like it.Im glad I saw it but I recommend waiting until its released and watch at home.
Really great and my daughter (7 yo) was entranced. One question...How the )&& do their ears and tails work so well?Remote control or cinema tricks????
Loved the music! Graphics made the cats very realistic.
Hideous. What a mistake
I almost didn't go to Cats because of the horrible reviews, but I was curious, mostly because of the excellent cast. I loved it! OK, I realize a couple of things. First, you have to be someone who likes the original T.S. Eliot poems and the theater production to appreciate the movie. Second, it isn't like being in the theatre to see the live show, but...the music, the dancing, the acting were amazing. The Taylor Swift song is a beautiful addition to the already loved Andrew Lloyd Webber music. Yes, there were some computer-generated things that could have worked better and there were things added for humor and a modern feel that I think could have been left out, but I say again, if you're a CATS fan, don't believe the negative hype, go see it.
It was a good musical. Great choreography and costumes!
Better than the Broadway Musical! It's a movie you either hate or love! Don't let the Cats them self make you not go, because while they are creepy the music and dancing is spectacular!
Greatest movie ever. Purrfect experience
In my honest opinion its not a bad movie just that..I do see the faults it has. Seeing the theatrical version of Cats and seeing it adapted on the big screen was a big iffy for me but I enjoyed the film. Although I also dont agree with the how the played out some of the cats like Tugger and Mistofoles. Its a good movie and seeing Jennifer Hudson sing Memory was a real tear jerker.
This movie is fantastic. Rotten Tomatoes has it wrong.It evokes laughter, sadness, joy. Costumes are stellar, set design is awsome, actors/dancers are extremely talented. The singing is just ...tremendously fantastic. A must see. Theatre on the big screen.
Absolutely loved it! Very moving, with funny parts, like the musical only in a movie. I can't believe it has such low ratings.
Barely stayed awake.
I didn't hate it, but it's very weird.
I loved it. At first I was hesitant because of the reviews, but ugly cried at the song "Memories". It was certainly different than the musical, but I loved it would see it again..
I enjoyed it immensely.
This film certainly doesn't deserve the extent of negative reviews that it has. I think it's a unique, creative and enjoyable adaption of the stage musical. I love that they didn't simply recreate a replica of the stage musical. If you don't like musicals, you aren't going to like this film. Sure, the plot line and overall concept is a little strange but if you just embrace it's quirkiness, I think you will appreciate the creative concept, stunning musical score and choreography.
Trash. I love musicals, but this was awful.
Best part was when it was over!
I think I died in the theater then reincarnated into a cat. Im a cat now. Meow
There is nothing wrong with movie. Go to show how opinion can destroy a production. It was refreshing from the violent Marvel movies. Throughly enjoyable!Great costumes and film score.
The music, dancing & singing were fabulous. I totally enjoyed this movie.I enjoyed this movie more than the Broadway Musical, in the movie I could see the Cats faces on Broadway I couldnt.A great movie.
Nothing positive to say. Almost walked out. They took an already awful musical and turned it into an even worse movie. Dont waste time or money.
Great singing and dancing.
I entered the movie. Liking cats. I have 3, and they're great and I love them (I also have 2 dogs and they're amazing as well) but after this movie, I put all 3 cats up for adoption, please. Don't see this movie.
This movie was terrific, I loved the singing, dancing and acting. I loved the costumes also.
I usually love musicals, but this one was the exception. I found it dull and truly think that I could have seen something else. I had trouble staying awake, but at least they had good voices.
literal cat-astrophe luv x 
I loved it, but.my.daughters said parts of it were boring. I think it was hard for them to understand, even though they are 16 yrs.I would recommend renting, not seeing at theater where more expensive.
Jennifer Hudson should get an academy award. 
If you realize that CATS is originally a Broadway Musical and that the movie is simply an adaptation of the same genre, you will LOVE it if you loved it on stage. I'm so glad I didn't listen to the reviews.
I feel like people went into this not fully knowing what they were going to see.This is a play on the big screen, not your regular flick. It's a film adapted from a play adapted from a book of poetry about cats, so I don't think it's very fair to be poking at it for its plot... Don't you think? It's not supposed to make 100% sense; it's not supposed to have a concrete plot. It's supposed to be a vehicle for song and dance and pretty visuals. I could do without the whole "chubby characters are the comic relief" trope. P.S.... I don't think the cats looked that bad. I think people are just bandwagoning.
Naturally Bad, thanks for nothing.
Glad I didn't listen to the unreasonably harsh reviews. movie was very entertaining - amazing choreography and singing, which is what a musical is all about. Jellicals do and Jellicals can.
Fantastic music and songs performed by great actors. A simple but engaging and touching story. It's a real shame that some people will have been put off from seeing this film due to the bad press it's received.It means they will have missed out on a memorable and moving film.
Did not understand the plot whats so ever
Weird plot. Weird that the people were trying so much to look like cats, but they didn't have paws nor cat noses. Yet, they had cat ears and whiskers.
Very poor CGIs but it was overall a good tribute to the musical. I feel like they should have used actual costumes and less CGI. Would probably watch again when it comes out of theatre, but probably won't return to see again.
I thought it was well done! after a while I could almost forget there were people in those costumes.
 This was great. I saw it with my wife and several friends and it was lovely and true to the stage show. If you enjoy the Lloyd Weber original youll love this. Oh and Francesca Hayward is beautiful. Go see the film and make your own decisions 
honestly, i would give this movie a 5% if i could, here's how my point system is working. i would've given them a 15% just on solid singing and dancing talent, except for the fact that the songs were entireley confusing and the dances were kind of odd. so, i docked the original 15% for singing to 2%. for casting i would add on another solid 5% BUT taylor swift only had like six minutes of screen time so im lowering that 5 to a 2. and lastly im just going to give an extra 1% for good ole effort. so all together a solid 5%.
As a fan of musicals, and Les Mis, I wanted to see this movie for the sack of checking off seeing Cats on my list of musicals. This was absolutely horrible. I felt disgusting watching this movie. It was unsettling and uncanny. I get the humanoid cat look for the live performance but adapting this to film should never have had happened.
I actually genuinely liked it. The faces were a bit odd for the first few seconds, but after you let yourself adjust & just accept it, it's really nice actually. I was even moved to tears at some points.But that's just me, I guess I'm just really weird?
There are some musicals that don't need a cinematic adaption. This is one of them.
This did not transfer well from the stage to the screen. Actors advertised were not in one or two scenes.
Beautifully done with a great cast
I love it but my kids didnt understand it.The movie is a classic broadway to movie style direction youd expected 10-20 years ago.My kid looked at me and said I know this is a musician but why are they singing every word.That line alone was worth it!
Amazing adaption of the play! A small change in dialogue made the movie so much easier to follow!
I absolutely loved the new Cats. Wonderful inspiring music and great dancing. An absolutely great movie
If I could give this movie zero stars I would. I left a piece of my soul in that theater that I can never get back. While there were some good actors and singers involved in the film, the disturbing animation took away any element of watchability. DO NOT SEE IT
Such a disappointment considering the cast.
Havin6g seen the musical live 6 times, this movie definitely did not disappoint, only enhanced by the all-star case and special effects.
Awful movie waste of time universal should just sell it self to Disney Comcast do you hear me sell to Disney
If you don't like musical theater- DO NOT SEE! However, if you're a fan of musicals you'll love it. Are the CGI cat/humans a bit odd? Sure! But you'll get over it. I saw Cats as a kid and thought WTF then. If anything, this version is better. Since everything is seen through a new cat's eyes, there is no wacky narration. The music and dancing are great! Ignore the haters and go enjoy- if musicals are your thing!
Smeh. Musical numbers were done well by the actors. J-Hud outshined them all, IMHO. The dialog was difficult to hear or understand a few times.
A lot better than people say, not as good as the stage show, but overall enjoyable, and worth viewing
The Cats movie was incredible. The cast was well selected and they played their characters very well. The singing never failed. This is a must see for everyone. And I couldn't have asked for anything better.
See it in the theater. 
Such a surprise--went as a joke and we were mesmerized from the beginning. Will definitely see it again--there is so much going on it's easy to miss details. Dancing is incredible. Acting is gorgeous.
The CGI was severely hit or miss, more miss than hit. The changes to some of the songs was not needed. Some of the acting was good.
Jennifer Hudson was great. The rest not so much. I almost fell asleep in the middle.
Mesmerizing in its creepiness. It might become a cult classic, it might be relegated to the trash heap. Either way Ill never be the same, as its literally been haunting my dreams.
The costumes ,music ,and celebrity choices were great ! My children 14&16 didn't really enjoy it - Probably would of rather seen it at home-
Weird, creepy and boring.I was hoping it would be bad in a campy way, but it was just bad.I don't know what audience they were aiming for.I love musicals and really liked the Broadway show Cats and I could be characterized as a "crazy cat lady" and I did not like.:-/
It wasnt exactly like the play which is why I think some disliked it. I really enjoyed it and it was easier for me to follow the story line in the movie vs the play. Ive seen the play 3 times and seeing the movie really helped fill in some blanks I had. Its being called awful because it isnt the play....and it isnt, its a movie, and its an enjoyable one.
I've got it! "Cats" is so utterly terrifying and ahead of its curve that it will become a midnight movie just like how "Rocky Horror Picture Show" has become. Seeing it on the big screen after hearing the negative reviews, I just 'had' to see it. Parts that aren't funny are, and those that 'are' are not. Think of it like an abstract dream where nothing makes sense and yet it does. Nothing but singing, as the plot moves along with how little there is, and you know it's all in good fun. Even seeing Judi Dench explaining by breaking the fourth wall to explain to us and how our daily views of cats describes each and everyone in a nutshell. A must see! :D
Loved the costumes, choreography and music.
Beautifuly filmed great music
Critics who gave this a good score need to be fired. This is not "art". One of the 3 worst movies of the year.
I absolutely loved this movie...I had the opportunity to see this on Broadway nad owned it on DVD.I loves the music and the dancers..it was perfect.
Cats had a stellar cast, and specifically liked Jennifer Hudson's rendition of Memories.all in all I liked the show, but know now why I do not have a cat!
merda aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa furrys lixo
The dancing was amazing. The weird fur, ears, and tails were pretty awful and distracting. JHud made me cry when she sang memories and the new song written by TSwift was beautiful.
If you love Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals it's a must see. It's comical, entertaining with beautiful dancing especially from Francesca Hayward and when Jennifer Hudson belted out Memories it gave me goose bumps 
This movie was just a bunch of cats singing and dancing around sexually.
Long but choppy musical performances, you will suffocate from knowing the music to dialogue ratio, no character development and a bit creepy animation. I would watch only once, there was literally a moment somewhere in the middle when I wanted to get out to breathe again.
I loved loved loved it! The music, costumes, awesome awesome if you like musicals.
The movie was good but a little long. I took my 10 year old granddaughter to see it. She felt the same - it was interesting, but long.
Great music and dance.Not an award winning plot
Just chill and enjoy. Its CATS.
My family LOVED the movie of Cats - This amazing musical was all that the critics said it was not.The dancing was amazing, the actors were all perfect, the sets were beautiful, and the singing was superb.(This is why I don't listen to critics anymore until AFTER I've seen the movie.)
My wife loved it so this rating is from her. Gets you wrapped into the story, great acting and a fun movie. Made her want to see the Broadway show.
It's an amazing experience and weird at the same time.
When I go to the movie I expect to understand the story behind... I literally tried the entire movie to understand what was happening. For those who dance, I think would be easier to understand this movie. The hurried up to finish this movie by the end of 2019, usually what they did takes 7 years, they tried to do in 7-8 months. Omg, please, go watch frozen instead of this movie. Im sorry but isnt worthy the money.
It was a matinee and I cashed in my Fandango points, so my ticket was $6. As luck would have it, that's also the exact amount I would pay to watch Ian McKellen lap up milk from a saucer, sooo.... even stevens, I guess 
With such a diverse cast and a lot of well known actors, this was just terrible.Best part, Jennifer Hudson singing Memory, which I paid 14 to see.
Actually a lot more entertaining than I expected. Artistic and not for everyone but I had a blast
I got to the movies every week. I am dismayed at the low ratings for CATS. I thought all of the components were wonderful. The costumes were really mesmerizing, the acting was topnotch and you could understand every word, which is especially important with such unusual lyrics. Please go past the poor ratings and enjoy this movie!
It's just ridiculously bad, a furrys wet dream turned nightmare
Jennifer Hudsons version of Memory and the CGI were the only bright spots in this film.
The singing and dancing were enjoyable, and Jennifer Hudson was amazing. It would have been better if they stuck to the original format - too much was added that was gross and distracting.
you are perfect, you are beutiful, you look like linda evangelista...
I cant tell you how disappointed I was with Cats.Wow. I had seen the theatrical performance several times. I always enjoy ALW plays but wow what they do to this one was dreadful. You almost have to see it just to fully realize just how bad it can be. Wait for the little screen.
Step1) Take drugsStep2) Have a really, really, really bad tripStep3) Go shower, eat something and go to sleep and never ever do it again.That's how this movie felt to me. In hindsight I should have taken the drugs and went and not watch cats... well I learn
I thought the movie was great.I know it is getting bad ratings but I was impressed with the actors ability to move like a cat and the costumes and facial makeup was amazing! The music was awesome! I go to movies to be entertained and I was entertained by this movie.
Fuck the critics. They know nothing about art. CATS is a truly purrfect masterpiece! CGI: Overwhelmingly pawsitive. The adoption of "digital fur technology" has truly transform the cast members into human-feline hybrids, who are probably the sole group of survivors after WW3. Their constant horny facial expressions perhaps explain the prevalence of stray cat sterilisation programme across countries.Plot: The non-existence of a clear storyline offered more room for imagination and interpretations. Why the fuck did Rebel Wilson eat cockroaches with human faces? Why Idris Elba has superpower?..... So many questions! Sure is a thought-provoking movie! Jokes and acting chops: This star-studded movie has some of the most original, hilarious cat puns. James Corden and Rebel Wilson are the FAT, QUIRKY comedic relief as usual. They are undoubtedly the bEsT comedic talents out there. Ok all jokes aside, CATS is the most boring and confusing film of 19. The plot is CAT-astrophic and unimaginative , the visual effects are nightmarish. Almost everything in this film is copied directly from the musical. James and Rebel are annoying, and has absolutely no acting range. The only good, original thing in CATS is "Beautiful Ghosts". And yes, this movie belongs in a kitty litter box. That being said, I giggled so hard when the "serious, emotional" scenes are in. Jennifer Hudson's face twirl when she sung "memory". Not only the emotions they try to convey feels fat-fetched and came out from nowhere, the uncanny CGI unintentionally turns Jennifer into a laughing stock. I LMAO so hard when she was riding the hot air chandelier thingy... ugh omfg COMEDIC GOLD!F for effort Um.... meow?
This movie was made by a sexually confused person. Besides the fact that I literally wanted to scratch my own eyeballs out the entire movie if it wasn't for Reble Wilson and James Corden i would have left and demandared a refund. This movie will make cat sales go down worldwide, and will be the cause of cat extinction. It was like watching a giant orgy with all the rubbing going on and the regular thought of the idea that the horrific creatures on screen were the mutated results of a human cross cat breed.Confusing story lineDumb predictable jokesAnd way to many cat crutches and asses were featured"Save your eyesAnd don't watch the movie with the people in the cat disguise"
Started in leave during the movie but my popcorn was more interesting.Very disappointed in the portrayal of a classic play.Sad the actors agreed to have this released.Costumes were terrible.Needed to stick with the Broadway suits.Singing was very weak for a musical.
Nice. A Litle slow. But I like it
Worst movie I have ever seen, bad acting, bad songs, horrible jokes. I left half way. Total waste of time.
truly, the best movie of all time
I and my partner had no preonceptions of Cats having not seen the stage musical, having seen the cast list and the chosen director the potential for a great film was inevitable.Then we read the reviews and were put off by the poor scores and remarks, but it was date night so we went.Half way through the film we both realised that reviews are horse shit, it's a personal opinion as is this review, Idris was brilliant, Jennifer Hudson was outstanding, Francesca was amazing and of course Dame Judy was a legendThe story is superb, the singing especially by Jennifer brought years to the eyes, Francesca's dancing was something I would like to see again.Try not to be swayed by reviews experience the film go with an open mind and just enjoy
I haven't seen it, it just looks fucking scary.
It was good but not as good as the theatrical version put out last before this one.
Terrible. Walked out 20 mins in.
So! CATS is a horrifying film that not only went into the uncanny valley but decided to settle the uncanny valley and name it Phoenix Arizona. Everything about how the film looked was off putting to say the least, the music felt exactly as dated as you'd expect, and Tom Hooper captured what can only be described as Andrew Lloyd Webber's cocaine boner in a way that no one should have. The performances were better than what the movie deserved which isn't saying much and I probably cringed more times in that two hour movie than I have the countless times I've thought about embarrassing moments from my youth, such as the time I said necrophilia instead of narcolepsy, or that time I died on strage and my pants slid down to the point where the entire audience could see my ass.It's everything I could have hoped for and more. 10/10!
Loved the costumes and make-up. The singing and dancing was beautiful. I guess I didn't realize it would be almost exclusively singing.
Well based on the Musical... i simply love it!!
It was horrible Taylor Swift made me cringe.
I recently tore my leg open in a horrific work place injury but that pain was no where near as excruciating as the 2 hours I spent watching Cats'. This movie made me want to scratch my eye balls out whilst straddling an electric fence and drinking round up at the same time. The only other people in the cinema were couples on dates but I guarantee these couples would have broken up following this movie due to shit whichever person suggested this movie. NOTE: this website does not allow you to submit a zero star rating.
Sad ... super sad .. how an extraordinary musical can be destroyed as a movie. Nothing to ad.. not worthy 
Costumes, set, music outstanding. Great performance by all.
Horrible but people should go experience it lol
We left as soon as possible. Terrible
I loved it! I couldn't compare it to the stage play, because it was so different, but I loved the cast and the singing from Hudson was amazingly emotional. -My favorite of 2 movies.
Like Stars Wars, Cats is Not about the script but the music, the choreography, the costumes...and a stellar performance by Jennifer Hudson make Cats worth seeing.Critics- you got it wrong.
Its endlessly dull and plotless. And every time you would settle in and just try to watch it, some new horror would assault your eyes. Besides the terrible CGI, the continuity errors never stopped.Dont go see this movie in the theater or on streaming. Just dont.
Amazing movie It's worth watching
The movie is a classic in so many ways,The actors, the performances, the improvements of the original play.This movie was one of my favourite movies of the year.I find it to be very disappointing that the critic community has decided to bully this movie the way it has.A prime example of the weakness of human spirit.What the hell to Tom Hooper do to deserve the wrath of this ridiculous circle of pathetic critics.Kudos to the cast and crew of this fine film!
Great movie.So tired of the hacks that think its better to try and be the cool kids by piling on.Give me a break!This move was great in so many ways,The acting, the special effects, the interpretation of the original play.Kudos to all involve,Bravo!
loved it very true to the idea behind the stage production love the music and the way they were portrayed
I reallyreally wanted to give this movie the benefit of the doubt but in the end it turned out to be a convoluted mess.
I loved this movie.The choreography, singing, acting, and costumes were amazing, excellent.It was much easier to understand the words in this movie than the stage musical I saw many years ago.The talent was astounding.Good contender for a movie award for a musical.
Macavity is the Illegalist, Lumpen Proletariat hero of Cats, a moviedripping with class politics and hardly as confusing or abstract or most disappointingly, as sexual as the reviews suggested. The film has horrible class politics, mocks fat people, and it's treatment of criminality is gross. this is less Cats and more of cops!
Loved CATS!!! The cast was Greta. Songs were entertaining. Costumes were BELIEVABLE,.Jennifer Hudson played an Iscsr winning performance. I swear, she and I cried together.Lol Just wonderful acting and singing. The flow of the movie was a little fast. But all gave great performances.I would see a second and third time.
I liked that my GF liked it. Both of us felt that the film loses the Broadway Luster. I disliked it alltogether, but that Is my opinion. I thought that I would like it more.
I am familiar with the music from seeing the musical. I thought the movie was a wonderful rendition of the musical, with marvelous dancing. I am so glad I went to see it despite the dismal critics' ratings. I think they are wrong.
2/5.It has a few solid songs and performances, but watching Cats is like watching someone else's nightmare.The CGI is atrocious and brings down the entire film.
We left during.. absolutely not worth it... maybe for kids who love cats in general?
It didn't deserve to be panned like it is. If you can go to the theater and appreciate people on stage dressed in cat costumes then you can go see the movie and appreciate the CGI.
I knew what I was walking into and had pretty low expectations and it was actually worse.
its a movie that you might think that you don't need to see nut trust me you do
I can't even give it 1 star. I had to leave the theater after 45 minutes.
DONT GO! Boring and entire movie doesnt make sense! Waste of money and time.
We left the theater after 10 minutes.
A little hard to rate honestly, since it's one of the best unintentionally comic films in some time, but alas, in the end, the over-earnestness and the trite ALW score just make it more tiresome than engaging. Upside for the non-name actors no one knows what you really look like, so at least you don't have to worry about being recognized for this one.
The music was wonderful.
It was a tough 90 minutes. I was hoping to find a few bright spots but could not find them. The singing was not very good. The acting was mediocre. The flow did not keep you wanting more. I am not sure why this movie was made.
Having seen "Cats" onstage, I really enjoyed the close-ups of their faces, which you can't do at the theatre.The singing and dancing were excellent!
This movie was incredibly uneven.Some very boring parts that practically put me to sleep, some pleasant parts and some quite good sections as well. The last half hour was especially good.It takes some real patience to sit through the whole thing though.I did like the new song by Taylor Swift and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Ok. So I saw the movie Cats. And I really liked it. You have to have seen the original musical to appreciate the movie. Having seen the many harsh critiques of the movie I am of the firm belief that the reviewers didn't watch the movie in its entirety and they have the cultural sophistication of a crushed rock. So there!Meow! 
This movie is the worst thing to happen to film ever
Really bad movie waste of time don't bother watching it.
I knew what to expect and it was worse than that. The cruel joke that I had played on myself wore off after 20 minutes. I have never wanted to get a movie over with more, nor have I used my phone during a movie more than I did during Cats.
Lots of talent wasted in this movie. Loved the play but this was very flat.
I couldn't stop laughing.
It wasn't even the fun kind of bad. Nothing made sense and I think I have been legitmately tramutized by this movie because my brain can no long process reality.
I enjoyed it. Dont really understand why others havent.
We completely enjoyed it! 3 ofus age 26-62. It is a musical,so if you don't like musicals don't bother.Hudson knocked it out of the park. Glad I didn't listen to the reviews and waited to judge myself.
I watched this movie with a great friend and we both loved it. Everything about the movie was great!!
Loved it! Acting, dancing & singing were great! Good cast! Love Judi Dench, Ian McKellen, Jennifer Hudson, James Corden were amazing! I havent seen the Broadway musical before seeing this movie.
My daughter and I loved it.The others in our theater also voiced praise for the movie and there was some clapping at the end.I found the musical number " magical Mr. Mistoffelees"particularly enjoyable and memorable. It is a musical with numerous comedic features.The dancing is terrific and covers ballet through the hip hop of Les Twins.I was in awe of the tap routines performed by Steven McRae.I could see the movie a second time and we will probably buy the CD.The cast was amazing and I just had to look up some who were unknown to me like the very talented Robbie Fairchild who played Munkustrap.I see he has been featured in NYC Dance Project.
10/10 I can't imagine my life before I saw Cats. Jason Derulo sung like an angel. And memories. Wow. I wish I had some painful memories so I could sing like Grizabella. It was beautifully done. This movie made me laugh and cry, just as all good movies should. I clapped at the end. There you go. This film made me a movie clapper. My only critique, I wish I saw more of my butch, T. Swizzle. She popped off on the moon tho.
great theatrical performance. it was hard to figure out what was going on most of the time my kids had a hard time following also
too long, added things that were not in the show, last ten minutes to preachy, Jennifer Hudson was horrible
Enjoyable and very entertaining. Some very good dancing.As usual the professional reviewers very seldom get it right.Just don't know what they are looking for but never use the word entertaining which iswhat I consider most inmportant.
Fun catchy music very unique
Music and costumes were fantastic.
The songs don't make sense. The only part I liked was tap dancing seen. Would not recommend this to anyone
My wife and I saw this for date night last night. We absolutely loved it!!! A perfect example of never listen to critics, form your own opinion. If you think it looks good, see it. If you think it looks bad, skip it. That easy. Great soundtrack and dance choreography. And Jennifer Hudson nailed Memory. The visuals take some getting used to and outside of Idris Elba, Judi Dench, and Ian McKellan youll find yourself trying to figure out whos who. And Rebel Wilson, she sticks out obviously. Even James Corden is barely recognizable. But overall it was a fantastic film. You have to find the meaning behind the film. And everyone will interpreter differently. For me, I took it as a metaphor for the afterlife. Victoria is abandoned/dies and is sent to purgatory. She and the other cats await judgment to see who is worthy of passing onto heaven. And Old Deuteronomy is in a sense St. Peter, who grants passage beyond the gates of heaven. But thats just my interpretation. Go see it!
Great dancing...good music.
Disgusting, if I was in the original cast or crew I would be so offended I might die. Huge changes to the plot and songs and terrifying cgi made it so painful to watch I writhed in my seat in an effort to contain my rage and not be kicked out of the theater for roundhouse kicking naked Idris Elba.
I am so glad that I gave this a chance! It was great!! Never have I ever gotten chills from a musical in a movie theatre. Having seen this on broadway three times, this could have been a letdown but I have told everyone to go see it again and again!!
Don't listen to the haters! Most of them are unfamiliar with the original musical, which was seen as weird when it first came out. Now it's beloved by millions and had the record for the longest running Broadway show. The movie is actually really good! Excellent performances by Dench, Elba, MacKellen, Hudson and the actor who played Munkustrap. Go see it! The effects are actually really beautiful, the dancing and singing are too notch, and the scenery is breathtaking. Don't listen to the internet hate train. Yes, the movie is weird, but it's very brave and artistic as well. This film doesn't deserve a tenth of the hate it's gotten - shame on the people who have helped spread such vitriol on a sweet, fun, and magical film!
Disliked the costumes compared to the musical.Disappointed in the sets.
Amazing, it was wonderful to watch.
Great jelical fun!!!
A "film" so utterly baffling in it's execution that I have a hard time accepting that I saw a movie at all.
Loved the costumes, loved the music and enjoyed the performances very much!!!
There wasn't a single aspect of this film that I didn't enjoy. The music and dancing were amazing, anybody who says otherwise is just scared to admit that there is the possibility of them being attracted to the CGI cats and I REFUSE to believe otherwise. Grow up, acknowledge your sexuality, and recognise that Cats is a Good Film.
Absolutely LOVED it!!#JasonDerulo #JenniferHudson
It should have been so awesome with such an abundance of talent. Alas, the litter box was full. Still, Idris Elbas jellicles...!
what the hell did i just watch
I think people love to poop on this movie, but it was AWESOME! What other movie can boast Sir Ian McKellan living his alley cat fantasy as he laps water from a bowl? Yes, that happens. And, what other movie dresses Dame Judi Dench in full cat drag, gives her a wicker cat basket in which to lounge, and encourages her kick her leg up with joy? Okay, the CGI is goofy in spots and the plot...I don't even know what the plot is. But, this movie is fantastically funny. I suggest going with a friend with which to giggle, gasp, and roast the movie.
Wonderful cast with a mix of talents.
It was exactly what I expected
I loved it! Its a lovely take on the play. I think people hating on it are wanting it to be real cats or something... Its people acting as cats... the girl who plays Victoria seems beautiful and sweet and was very talented. The scenes with James corden and rebel wilson were cute and funny and I enjoyed the mice.
We loved this movie. The critics are so wrong about putting down this movie. It is a musical. If you love singing and dancing, it is the best! Jennifer Hudson was the amazing!
The music and dancing was good!The cats were very creepy!!
Horrible movie! Don't waste your money!
Loved the dancing and singing. Very professional.
My daughter was excited for Taylor Swift. Her review is simply that it is terrible. 
The only value this movie holds is that it makes me appreciate other movies so much more.
I have no idea how to feel about this movie. Let's start with the cast. Everyone is great in this movie. Performances and vocal talent was definitely there. The plot was meh. Not much of a good one, if any, was even there. The visuals were strange. Some aspects were well made, and the other was just weird. I feel that this movie could have had such potential for such a weird premise. I think that they went overboard on the weird when they shouldn't, and under-did it where they should. I would rate this a C.
The movie didnt make sense from the very beginning. I really enjoy musicals whether it be live or in movies but this was just a mess. First I had no idea that itd be a musical with only singing and barely any spoken dialogue similar to Hamilton which I absolutely love, but the songs didnt even advance the plot. All the songs seemed to be about a specific character and dont get me started on the song with the weird mice as children and dancing roaches. I wouldnt watch this again if someone paid for my ticket and bought me dinner afterwards. If I wasnt with my friend, I wouldve walked out halfway through the movie. Even with about 20 minutes left, a little boy in the front asked out loud is the movie over? Honestly I was asking that same question in my head. With such great actors and singers, they couldve done so much better. Very DISAPPOINTING!
cats is a new experience for the cinema, the scenarios are beautiful, the music incredible and beautiful, it is true that the story seems to move away from its main act, but that is compensated with the music, the CGI is not the best but not it's the worst
We enjoyed this movie we laughed and we cried .... we want to see it again!
This movie is so bad, why they make the character so creepy, combined man and cat is very weird
This was an amazing piece of dance and music. You really need to know the poems, musical and/or love dance. All characters introduced and made it interesting to see with person played each character.Humour from Revel and James. Jason Derulo fab, the Twins dancers amazing. J Hudd out of this world, she made me cry. Mr Mistoffelees gorgeous. Steven Macrae, Francesca, Robert out of this world.Saw this twice in three days and we are obsessed. Critics totally uncultured and crazy. What a beautiful film. My favourite of this year.
I hadn't read or heard any reviews before I saw this film, neither have I seen the show at the theatre. I was really surprised to hear that the film had been slated by the critics. I loved it. I loved the singing, the dancing, the creativity. I thought it was fabulous and I smiled for the rest of the day after seeing it :)
Started a bit slow but enjoyed. Music, costumes and story all entertaining and unique. Cat lovers especially will enjoy!
Movie was great. Felt eerie. Felt fantastical. I have never seen the musical in a play format. My main issue was the pacing. I am glad someone wasnt afraid to bring back camp
I love, love, loved it!!! 
Thought the music and dancing by the actors was very good, especially Jennifer Hudson.Thought it was a little dark with the garbage and the roaches.Don't know why the reviews were that bad.I enjoyed it once I got used to the cat movements.
Words can not even describe how horrific that monstrosity of a movie was. I want to cry myself to sleep. No amount of scrubbing will remove the filth of this movie from my brain.
I loved the musical when I was five, and again when I was seven. Took my kids this weekend, even knowing the reviews. My seven-year-old happily sat through it, but possibly because he was stuffing his face with popcorn the whole time. At the end he didn't have much to say though, and didn't say whether he had liked it or not. My twelve-year-old was bored by about 2/3 through and at one point whispered to me in a bit of a daze, "I don't even *know* if this is good or bad." So anyway, it's not as bad as they say. In many ways it is quite beautiful, the choreography, the set design, the mood, the lighting. But I kept remembering how, when I saw the musical as I kid, I really bought into the idea that these were FRIGGING CATS on stage. You just cannot get that kind of imaginative buy-in when you have close-up ten-foot-wide shots of famous human faces in the middle of digital cat fur.It's not that the digital fur is even poorly done.The whole concept was I think doomed to fail.I just kept wishing I was sitting in row ZZ of the Winter Garden Theater transfixed by singing cats on stage and totally unable to see crisp famous faces. So too, being constantly pulled out of the dream by these famous, fur-lined faces makes the movie seem longer than it is.Cats as a musical works, despite its ridiculous insanity, because you honestly buy into the idea that these are actual cats. I rarely felt that in this movie, and when I did I was swiftly jarred out of any such dream.
this movie was a painful experience that I'd like to forget
I haven't seen the musical and just went to the cinema because my girlfriend loves it.I understand why most people don't like the costumes/CGI, but I got used to them very quick.And what else should the cats be? Real cats? Animated cats like in the Lion King? Normal people in musical-dress? I think it is ok the way it is.The rest of the film was great.Great songs, great performed, great emotions.I have no idea, how this movie could be any better.
When I said I wanted cat-girls to be real, this is NOT what I meant.
Great musical!!!Really enjoyed the dancing and singing.Andrew Lloyd Webber rocks!!
Sure, the plot is thin at first and the CGI is a bit creepy sometimes, but "Cats" is a movie with beautiful songs, thoughtful messages and animation that will have you wanting to go back again for more.
Walked out after 45 minutes. First movie I have ever walked out of.
Of all the serious plays they could have spent millions to make, they chose this hot mess.I think this movie set back theater and CG characters as a whole. With that said I would still see a "book of Mormon" movie if they made it.
One of the most terrifying things I have ever witnessed. It shows that we have gone too far as a society, to allow something like that to have been created. I have seen and experienced things that no human being should ever have to endure, and I fully feel that this should be labeled under "Cruel and Unusual punishments". Tom Hopper, the creator who brought this horrific experience to life, should be locked in a room made of concrete, and should never be allowed near any sort of film or media production ever again.
Cats was a thing. I mean I've never dropped acid, but if it felt anything like watching that movie...I think i'll pass.
Was entertaining enough but didnt keep me interested. Bit boring.
It was the worst movie I ever watched. I was expecting it to be funny but instead it was rather boring. After having to leave the theater 3 times me and my group decided to leave after the first hour or so. I can't the image of human roaches out of my head. It was a huge waste of time. I have never been more dissatisfied in my life. 1/10 don't recommend.
I loved it, but my friend did not. If you pay attention to it and you enjoy music this is such a great movie to see, but if you dont pay attention then you get lost and then you wont understand the movie. I highly recommend this movie for its great music and itswonderful story line.
It's a great musical and great movie I don't understand why it is getting such terrible rankings Go see it !
I loved the creative elements of CATS the dancing, the costumes, and the singing. There were so many talented performances it was a pure delight. I have read many poor reviews of this movie perhaps they are dog lovers or take themselves too seriously. This is a fantasy and should be appreciated by cat lovers everywhere.
This is one of the rare instances when a successful Broadway play didnt transfer well to the Silver Screen. The choreography was good, the songs excellent, the costumes great. I personally liked it, but my wife and daughter did not - lacked pizazz.
I think that they did a good job of adapting an unusual musical on to the screen and it does not deserve the trolling that it has received. The acting from seasoned players like Dame Judi Dench and Sir Ian McKellen was superb. The dancing and choreography from talented dancers was enthralling and the singing was on par. Although, was a little disappointed with Jennifer's rendition of Memories but Elaine Paige was always going to be a difficult act to follow. Yes, the decision to put human hands and feet on the cats was a little odd and Rebel Wilson's scratching of herself didn't quite fit but overall I thought it a very good film and have been reviewing films for over 10 years. As Taylor says haters gunna hate.
I genuinely enjoyed this film. The costume and choreography was amazing, the acting was good too. For the critics who found it too crazy for them - they must be pretty unimaginative!
This movie was Terrible!
I liked it. I knew what to expect from the stage musical, which is a series of cat vignettes rather than a traditional plot. If you like the stage version, see this movie. 
My Daughter and I loved this movie! Cats is a strange musical anyway but I think this was well done! Bravo to all involved! Let all the haters hate!
I went into this movie expecting the worst, however I did enjoy it. I don't know why people are so weirded out about the cgi fur. They are complaining that there isn't fur on the actors faces. Well there wasn't any fur on the actors faces in the Broadway show either (just lots of makeup). They are also mad about them having human hands and feet. Guess what? Broadway actors had human hands and feet. Was it a perfect movie? No. But I've seen a lot worse and I think a lot people writing these horrible reviews probably haven't even seen the actual movie or know anything about the Broadway show. So go watch your stupid Marvel superhero movies (90% cgi) and leave the musicals to those who like them.
TSwift some bad graphics and you got yourself one of the worst movies in my lifetime. 2/10 would avoid. The play isnt half bad but the movie is just a train wreck.
What... The.... Fuck... Did i just watched?
16 and 109 minutes of my life that I will never get back.
Just when we all thought this decade couldn't get any worse, director Tom Hooper decided to further decrease ourcollective will to live with the release of the dumpster fire of a human rights violation that is Cats. If you've ever wanted to watch Rebel Wilson unzip her fur to reveal more fur, cringe visibly as Taylor Swift fails at a British accent and alienates her entire fan base one dropped R at a time, or wish for the sweet embrace of death for the entirety of a feature length film, this is the movie for you. You will never be able to unsee the horrific moment in which Sir Ian McKellen, who has literally been knighted by the Queen herself, is lapping up milk from a bowl. Likewise, you'll forever have PTSD flashbacks to the moment where Jason Derulo switches between an unintelligible British accent and the same American singing voice he used in "Talk Dirty to Me" circa 2014.You'll leave a theater wondering a variety of things, namely: Have the makers of this film ever actually seen a cat? Is Jennifer Hudson still crying because she lost American Idol in 2006? Who let Dame Judy Dench do this movie, and can I speak to her publicist?All I can say is that this movie made me want to join Jennifer Hudson in her floating space chandelier so I never have to think about what I just witnessed again. Should you make the poor choice to see this movie, please consider ordering copious amounts of alcohol at the snack counter along with your popcorn. Trust me, you'll need it.
UNCANNY VALLEY.uncanny valleynounused in reference to the phenomenon whereby a computer-generated figure or humanoid robot bearing a near-identical resemblance to a human being arouses a sense of unease or revulsion in the person viewing it."Have you seen "Cats"? It's uncanny as hell."
Pior filme que j vi na minha vida. Hopper, Idris, Taylor e James: amo vocs, mas simplesmente no d
I trotted off to the cinema fully expecting to hate it. Surprisingly, the time flew by (always a good sign!) and I came out smiling. For purists and lovers of the stage show it might not be stage showy' enough. I fall into an unusual bracket with this one - I have seen the show twice and neither time loved it. I am also in rehearsals with it at the moment as Musial Director so I know it pretty well. What I loved about the film was that I GOT IT. Telling the story of the Jellicles to Victoria was a clever way of making this slightly mental musical make more sense. And the dynamic between her and Mr Mistofolees was dead cute. Dame Judi Dench was brilliant as Old Deuteronomy - as much as I love her, I had my doubts but I was proved wrong. The dancing was fab, the singing was also good. Victoria was a highlight with her very sweet singing. The CG cats were not nearly as bad as I had anticipated. All in all, so much better than the trailer!
I'm giving this movie 2 and 1/2 stars because if you see it on LSD, acid, or weed it will probably be the best experience ever. Beings from another dimension may also love this unless their realm is based on logic, consistency, talent, good stories, logic...ok I already said that...well you know all that boring stuff. Go see this movie and take some serious drugs, but don't bring your cat because you'll probably end up in a sexually comprising situation with them. If you aren't high this movie will be one of your worst experiences.
Jennifer Hudson knocked it out of the park with Memories.I enjoyed the fantasy entertainment!Great cast, loved it!
Cats was enjoyable, both the music and dancing. It change the storyline slightly, Im sure to attract new audiences. But I enjoyed the show very much .If you enjoyed the musical cats, you will definitely enjoy this. I dont understand the bad ratings unless you are not a musical fan. Just ignore reviews and go see a delightful musical. 
it was hypnotising. i feel like ive become a sleeper cell agent for andrew lloyd weber
Rotten to the core. r
This movie was amazing. The music the actors the dancing the beauty of the whole thing was fantastic.
Entertaining but boy it was so boring to watch. 
It was a sub-par movie, but quite a phenomenal musical experience. Never in my life did I watch a movie twice. I'm going to see this movie again today.I danced in my seat with multiple songs in the movie (again never happened to me before as a 24-year-old guy). I cried when Francesca Hayward sang Beautiful Ghosts. Now I can't stop listening the songs from the movies on Spotify (there are around 4 - 5 songs that I really loved).You should have the right expectation from this movie. If you want a complicated plot, DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE. Do your homework. This movie can be summed up in one sentence.But if you love musicals, enjoy choreography, and want to let your imagination run wild in order to feel something, rather than questioning it, you will like this movie as much as I do. Overall, this movie offers a unique experience...like a fantasy version of America's got talent sprinkled with glitters. CATS is weird and uncanny. But it is also quirky, imaginative, and charming. This movie will definitely be very different when you watch it at home. Bring someone with you, see their reactions, appreciate the silliness of life.
All the bad reviews make sense in parts but they are not true. At points visual effects were a bit lower than others but still understandable and not terrible. It lives up to the musical and doesn't feel long. The sets and storyline amazing and understandable if you focus. And the music was great especially J Hudson. So ignore the reviews and go watch it and don't assume it's bad.
entertaining for the pure bizarro factor alone. destined for cult status.
I really don't get the problems that some of the critics are having with the movie.What were they expecting the movie to be?We completely enjoyed it.If you don't "get" the play, don't expect the movie to be any different.The music and lyrics are NOT typical and the only song that will stick with you is Memories... but that's what the play IS, and the movie reflects that.It's the interpretation of poetry in a series of poetic vignettes.The scenery was well matched to the mood and the pacing was pretty much identical to the pacing of the play.
I thought the movie was fun and despite the even stranger "cat humans" compared to the original musical recording, it worked well. Great singers were selected and great actors too.
worst movie with the room
Having seen the ads, I was excited to see the film, and despite the strong negative noise I was hearing once it opened, I had to see for myself.All in all I liked it, mostly for the individual performances (the structure of the script is character-driven with a sequence of sung monologues by each of the felines, or feline duos) and I looked forward to meeting the next one.It is not unlike the second act of The Nutcracker line-up.I was touched by some of the relationships, too;genuine friendships, fun partners in crime, attraction/curiosity, a hierarchy.Some of the physical movement was quite beautiful, but unfortunately the camera work and over-abundance of settings made being able to appreciate those aspects of the film difficult.(Objection #1)For at least the first third of the film, the camera never stopped moving, even when targeting a single focus.My mind and eye, consequently felt scattered.It indicated to me a lack of trust in the basic worthiness of the tale to be told, and the actors' abilities to act, sing, and dance it; too heavy-handed it was.I wanted to yell, "Stop moving so I can see what's going on!And pull the camera back; pull it back!"(Objection #2). There was a lack of weight in the animation.The leaping from place to place by some of the cats was aided (unnecessarily) by computer tricks, but lacked the physical weight and gravity of real jumping and leaping.Consequently, it not only didn't produce the wow it was striving for, but it was unsettling and unsatisfying.Whether conscious or not, the audience was left feeling like something was wrong, and with each jump, something unfinished.I posit it was a lack of gravity, and it was very distracting.(Objection #3)The third major offense in the film was the over-abundance of settings and scenes.There were so many that I could never quite enjoy any of them, nor settle in to a solid sense of place - its corners and crevices.My recollection of stage productions of Cats that I saw many years ago, was an intriguing sparseness, or rawness.You could feel the damp and cold, and the metal of the trash cans.In this film it was too much, too much of the time, without enough time to focus and dig in to the atmosphere.Pity.But thankfully, there were many moments when the characters were taking the necessary time to invite the viewer in, and that was a treat.Each actor had terrific specificity of movement for their cats, and I truly enjoyed that.And I, for one, love the music, and that was there to be enjoyed.
Came in with low expectations due to reviews, and walked away having enjoyed the film. Nit picking details in films has always been a pet peeve of mine. I go to movies to enjoy them, not find reasons to criticize. The music was wonderful, and Jennifer Hudson delivers at the end.See it and draw your own conclusions.
What are thooooooooooose
It felt like the culmination of all current artistic advancement in one movie.The special effects and audio work flowed seamlessly, as if the stage play literally came to life.It was my first time seeing the Cats and it was a surprisingly emotional show. A little beyond the average consumers spectrum, but, if u appreciate abstract art, music, dance, or special effects, this is a film for you.
Rebel Wilson unzips her skin. Twice. James Cordon being there was the only thing that made sense, then only thing that grounded me.
We loved the Musical & thought the movie was great too!We were impressed w/ the acting, singing& dancing & the costumes!
Having seen the musical twice I was looking forward to this movie. I thought it was great. In some ways it wasbetter than the musical - easier to understand the lyrics.The feline costumes are worth a trip to see. The only downside is Jennifer Hudsons Memories was disappointing. If you like broadway musicals youll probably like this. Dont understand all the bad reviews- must be dog people.
I left the movie roughly 30 minutes in. The plot made no sense and Taylor Swift is apparently only in 1 song. There are so many better ways to be spending your time.
The movie was very entertaining.The movie closely followed the stage play with a few exceptions.The costumes were excellent.
A very boring slow movie with no story
It actually wasn't as bad as everyone is saying as long as you've seen the performance and understand the source material -- which itself is pretty weird and all over the place. I liked most of the changes they made to make it more cohesive of a story - like the balet cat becoming sort of the main protagonist , and I liked the new song. I wasn't a fan of the bad CGI, the weird roaches and mice, or Jennifer Hudson singing Memory, but overall it was a decent attempt to cover a difficult show.
Not knowing what I was getting into with this watch. Never seen or even read up on this musical/play, I was pleasantly surprised. Even crying at the end. Was hard to get into at first, but very happy I went to watch.
I think the hate this movie is getting is overblown. The music is pretty random, so if you're a fan of the music already, you'll like the movie. The song "Beautiful Ghosts" is absolutely gorgeous. And "Skimble the Railway Cat" was a lot of fun. There is nothing good to say about the "Jenny Any Dots" song.
The magic of Cats the broadway show was that it was everything exciting visually and musically without need a of a movies help. But when turned it into a movie all the magic is gone and left with an over creative mess that really loses its meaning. Yes it is very easy to replicate broadway show on film and 10x but then who cares thats not the point. Like watching beautiful sunset is several times better than watching it on 4k tv that loses meaning of wanting to watch it in first place.
When you have the mentality of "it is what it is, just go with it", it's a really good movie! Never saw the Broadway show but I liked this movie more after watching than during the movie.
The movie was well done. The movements of ears and tails was very cat like and added more to the movie for me.
Usually a musical has talking actors who develop the plot and thicken it with meaningful songs that drive the intensity. This movie had no talking. EVERYTHING was sung. And I couldnt understand what anyone was singing 3/4 of the time. So we walked out.
No way this is a good movie
A total disaster from Start to end!
Great acting and music
Loved Taylor Swifts performance!
Sucks so much omg so disturbing. Do not see if you are not a sociopath.
The mewvie is testament to the fact that a cat always lands on its feet: An absolutely baffling CATastrophe yet wildly entertaining nonetheless, like a night of binge-drinking whiskyers and milk stout, it's a purrly conceived head-scratcher that will leave you with an existential Katzenjammer the next day. That said, I haven't been able to stop talking about this feline infelicity since seeing it with an audience roaring with laughter, its insanity infecting our brains like toxoplasmosis to create a veritable cult classicliterally, the plot involves some sort of cat death cultin the makingagain, literally, the CGI looks so terrible that my wife was unconvinced we saw the patched rerelease. Of course, even though one should have no paws when mocking this hairball, the furor of hyperbolic ink spilt like milk about how the filmmakers should be drowned like kittens in a tub misses the point: It's incredibly fun, your aesthetic expectations be damnedand how like a cat to be like that.Cannonical scale: 5/5John Waters, when guest starring on THE SIMPSONS, defined "camp" as meaning variously the "tragically ludicrous" or the "ludicrously tragic;" ever the buffoon, Homer misunderstands and compares camp to "when a clown dies," though in truth it's something closer to when death comes dressed as a clownor, in this case, when adorned in cat fur (while wearing the fur of some other animal, to boot).
The acting, choreography and music are very well done. The special effects were fun, however the story was a little on the blah side.
Cats The Movie was impeccably fineThe fantasy of the world, the talent of the actors and dancers, the effort and authenticity was superb. I had no issue with the CGI fur as they were humans playing cats. It was cool because it was as if we were watching an on stage production but the actors transformed into cats. I read people complaining saying "I shouldn't have to question wether the actor is a man or a woman and death for their genitalia"... um okay well... male cats and female cats alike are both sultry, mysterious, curious and pretty smooth. I think that society was taken back by the film because it is so different than anything done before on a theater screen. The plot was spot on. As cats have 9 lives and don't have the misfortune of suicide it was an humbling look at what a fantasy world where moving on and being reborn is a desirable goal. Overall the movie was charming, Francesca, the lead ballerina from the Royal Ballet was astounding in her role. The amount of talent in this film in inspiring. The ballads, the set, the choreography... I give cats a 10/10. The hatful reviews are true to the ones writing it but many people don't remember that this is an on stage musical that had been adapted to the big screen. If you left the film early, are avoiding it because of others opinions or are just unfamiliar with creative mastery coming to cinema,then I suggest you give it a second go 
I absolutely loved Cats!If you are a fan of the stage musical (but don't mind it being changed a bit), then you will probably love this movie as much as I did. First, the music is fabulous (it's Cats!). The choreography is also greatit's a nice mix of different dance styles, from ballet to tap, all with a feline twist. The digital cat costumes looked much better than I was expecting. The fur looked good, but didn't obscure the actors' expressions.The moving tails and ears were realistic and made the cats expressive and fun to watch. The scenery in this movie is also wonderful.Many of the individual songs take place in their own setting, and it's exciting to see the words of the songs backed up by the scenery. The acting is fabulous. Judi Dench and Ian McKellen were standouts, but the whole cast does a great job. The movie also is very funny. Overall, I loved it and I hope that Cats fans will give it a chance!
It hurting my eyes was the only thing keeping me from falling asleep. There were a couple of good songs and performances, but it wasn't enough to save it.
Confusing, lost and horrendous. One of the worst cinematic experience of the year.
I like themusic , the costumes and choreography. Overall I enjoyed it.
I don't understand why critics hated this movie, they at least try to keep the story line together.The original musical had the same problems with critics and I think people went with it.The look was a bit cringy but I loved it! CRIED during Memory.I will def buy this film! I personally will see it twice!
This movie sucked. I thought there was going to be some dialogue or some sort of story to be sat up in the beginning but no. The came out of the blue singing and sorta dancing? It sucked. There was no story and the opening song gave me no plot. This movie sucked. Its basically a musical NOT a MOVIE.
Cats (the broadway play) is an spectacle, but that's the main problem when it's tried to turn into a full-lenght film, it doesn't have a concrete story or characters for a film, not to mention that the designs gave me nightmares and made me feel uncomfortable all the time
I understand that if you go to watch this movie while bearing in mind the broadway musical you might think that this movie adaptation is not good. But, I really enjoyed it!I think the music is great and the animation is amazing! I mean, they are cats!
Always loved the play Cats.Movie was well done.A couple things I would have wished they had done differently (Jennifer Hudson cried too much), but it certainly doesn't deserve the strong negativity it is getting.
I loved this musical. Similar to the play but of course more singing and dances. Glad I was able to see it.
Wasnt sure at first, because its a musical.But it ended up being awesome.
I am a lover of musicals and unique films, but Cats was the worst experience of my life. The movie was completely unintelligible and moved way to quickly. Nothing was explained. I thought I was going to have a seizure because of the quick camera cuts! I would not recommend wasting your money on this. I left the theater confused and a little upset.
How'd it even get a 54% on audience score? Should've been a bloody 30% at max.Christ, going to my nan's cremation was way more entertaining than that sh*tstorm. Worst 2 hours of my life and unfortunately, i have to bleach my eyes in clorox and then drink it to truly forget about it cause then i'll be dead. I thought I was the biggest disappointment that happened to my dad but apparently not.
Absolute insanity but when you know that going in it's fun.
Don't need to see this movie at all.I never liked the Play on Broadway. Never could understand the draw of this show.There is one good song that you wait for when it's over so is the interest.They may have hired some of the top dancers but they can't carry the entire show.Makeup and costumes look good.Also think there is too much computer generated action. I would love to see Hollywood make a truly good musical again. Not these promotional movies to try to advance some pop singers career.
This film brings the beauty and magic of Broadway to the massive audience and expectations of Hollywood. It is a beautiful and powerful blend of the two major arts: Film and Music.And Taylor Swift did an amazing job, if your reading this Taylor, I love you .
Overall it wasnt bad, I preferred to the live version on video.Good special effects EXCEPT they dont follow the laws of physics or mechanics nor the agility and grace of a cat for many of the movements. If a video game can get the physics right, why cant they?!? It was really distracting and took away from the feel of it being real.
Great movie. Loved the dancing and vocals. The staging and costumes were wonderful. The computer graphics where phenomenal. The cats ears and tails moved so realistically. The new songs were great. Thoroughly enjoyed every moment. Jennifer Hudson knocked Memories out of the park. Movie Newcomer Francesca Hayes is amazing as Victoria- a real triple threat.
I saw this on Broadway in 1987 on my Senior trip and was mesmerized!I was so excited to see this with my son and share this memory with him...we both loved it!Fantastic cast!
The Quality of song and The Acting are very great!But the whole story is crab
It was hard to watch.
Follows the play pretty much. We saw it because we couldnt get seats for a different movie. Slow in spots, but so is the play. James Corden is a highlight.
Good but slow in parts.
It was awesome. Could not take my eyes off the screen. Will highly recommend
3 out of the 6 people that went with me fell asleep.I thought the singing and the dancing was great,but the story wasn't all that great.
Knowing how good the broadway performance was i thought i'd give it a try, needless to say it was terrible. The story line made no sense even with having headline actors in the cast, it didn't save it. I didn't stay 20 minutes and got my money back.
Great cast and acting! Not a stage play to movie crossover!!
The casting, music, costumes and staging were fantastic.With all that said, I was disappointed that the singing and dancing was stifled -something the cast was more than capable of doing and that was a shame.This story has so much to offer but the delivery was held back.
Music wonderful, stuck to the original. Not a fan of the costumes
Too weird for my taste
Wonderful musical.Full of songs, choreography and fantastic acting!!!The critics could NOT be more OFF in their assessments.
It was a musical the entire time, except for maybe 2 minutes of the show. If thats your thing, then youll love it.
I don't understand why there are so many bad reviews on Cats. I guess either they have not seen the musical before, never are really into musicals, or they just don't have the artistic eye/soul, They may just have to stick to giving reviews to normal movies instead of musical movies. Cats is FANTASTIC! The music is without saying beautiful, all singers are good, especially Jeniffer Hudson's Memory, still moves me. The most negative review is on the costumes, but they are so creative and wonderful! They are by no means "creepy". The choreography of Cats is absolutely amazing! A great movie to see, especially for New Years!
It really didnt have a plot, and if you are not into Broadway musical's, it is not for you
Unless you have seen the show on broadway, its hard to understand. I really liked it and so did my 8 yr old.
Great music.Cats a little creepy.
excellent film! dismiss the reviews and enjoy it fully, like me
If you liked the stage production of Cats youll love the movie.
Cats was so incredibly awful, it left us wondering why the talented cast wanted to be in this epic fail.With the exception of Taylor Swift who has no talent and can't dance or move and whose part should have been left on the cutting room floor, the cast is amazingly talented.The best part of the film was the ballet of newcomer, Francesca Howard.She is a very gifted dancer and doesn't deserve to have her film career come to a halt over this miserable film.Within the first five minutes, my 15 yo nudged me and said "Mom, this is disturbing."She didn't mean it in a good, thought provoking way.Even Jennifer Hudson was abysmal. The film was hard to watch, boring, and pointless. Five of us went (ranging in age from 10 to 62)and five of us despised it.Bad.Save your money.
This was a terrific movie. I loved the music. The reviewers were wrong and should be ashamed to bash such a nice film.
I fell asleep. That being said, I do appreciate the talent that went into the creation of this movie, from the hundreds of digital artists to the actors. But its not a movie Id see again or recommend.
The castThe actingThe costumes Everything about it
If you are into musicals awesome movie, if not this movie is cringing...
CGI was amazing but creepy. Its never a good sign, though, when you have to use Google after the movie to figure out what the plot was.
As you can see from the difference between the reviewers rating and the audience rating... This film isn't as bad as it's made out to be..It's definitely *NOT* the worst film of the decade as some have claimed...for me it's actually one of the best filmed musicals I've ever seen & I think the film makers really made the most of the exciting things they could do with CGI. And several performers I expected to be terrible - were actually terrific in their roles. The cast was fantastic. Yeah some of the plot was a bit thin & there were elements of silliness....but then that's true of most musicals
This version of Cats is in no way stranger or more confusing that the broadway production.
I heard it was horrible. It wasnt horrible but just ok. Ive never seen the broadway edition but the movie was just ok
Here are my thoughts on #Cats:Fell asleep for the boring first half, stayed awake for the better second half with Taylor Swifts number and Idris Elbas performance (he is the best thing in the movie). But, I cannot recommend this movie. I say 2.5 out of 5 stars. .5 Or 5 out of 10. And, thats saying a lot. Go see Frozen 2, SW or Jumanji again instead.
IT WAS THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE SEEN IN 38 years, im 44..... I cannot begin to say how awkward weird creepy and ridiculous it was. My daughter and I stayed because it cost 70 w popcorn. She and I are traumatized by cats on 2 feet and no PLOT untilthe end . I thought i was going to have a seizure. The acting was devoid and Jennifer Hudson will wish she didnt do this movie . Taylor Swift was the best singer and actress and that is terrible considering she is not an actress, butI adore her and the song that was written and sung horrendously by Victoria .. Never again .DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN THE THEATER OR DEMAND .
Some parts dragged out a little but it was interestingly unusual and I enjoyed the cast, acting was good and I would probably watch it again. I wasn't expecting everyone to be a flawless cat like creature, I thought they did well, I enjoyed it for what it was.
Everything is terrible, is this even a serious movie? or its a parody or some kind of social experiment? it's like a cursed movie or something
First half was meh, loved the second half. Not as terrible as the critics have made out
The singing and acting was AWLFUL in fact, it was laughable.
Someone needs to teach the writer that you can't rhyme one made up word with the exact same word 26 times in the same song IN THREE seperate songs!Jellical does not rhyme with Jellical! It is the same word!!!!Not to mention the sizing! How can a cat be knee high on one scene of the railroad track song, then smaller than a mouse, then larger than a full grown Hulk Hogan? Scale should be uniform throughout. Even the Imperial system is not this awful
I would rather have someone shove bamboo splinters in my privates for 2 hours than see that again. I'd let them do that to me if it would make me forget that this movie exists.
Once you get past the CGI, it was actually an enjoyable production of the musical Cats. Yes, I love the stage musical. Yes, Im a musicals junkie. Yes, the CGI cats were strange. Yes, Id recommend it.
If your a cat lover you will love it!!
Its not the play but it was way fabulous regardless 
Loved the singing and Jennifer Hudsons rendition of Memories brought me to tears. The actors fit their cat personas perfectly. Enjoyed
Si estas dispuesto a no prestarle atencin a los malos efectos que tienen los personajes, puede ser una pelcula muy peculiar de ver. Es algo lenta, y terminas de entender de que trata la pelcula hasta el 3 numero musical.Es tan mala como twitter y los crticos la quieren describir? No.
I thought it was a great adaptation and the graphics were cool! Not sure what all the negative fuss is around this movie
NU Q FILME LIXO PQP Q LIXO
It is a piece of shit. It shouldn't have ever been made.
I don't know what is bad, making the decision to purchase tickets to this movie or the sticky floor of the movie theater. I mean, it's bad...and not just the CGI work of it, but the idea of James Corden trying to be a fat cat or Idris Elba as this scary bad cat-guy. Save your money focus. Just wait for the youtube video of Taylor Swift performance as Bombalurina, its probably the only saving grace of this movie.
I loved the movie, but I also loved the stage production. The music, dancing, costumes, and the stage settings were spectacular. I will probably see it again.
I actually love the musical, I love that they were brave enough to take a pretty weird classic musical and make some pretty weird changes to it.I missed a couple of things from the original, but I liked some of the changes too.For example the cats that sing about Grizabella and her faded glamour in the original are the same ones that sing about Macavity, which comes across as weird and hypcritacally judgemental.bi really liked how different cats sang them in this version. There were a few other changes some good. Some bad. But I loved that they made it and I think everyone acted their hearts out.
If you've seen the play and loved it, then you'll love this movie. If you've seen the play and didn't like it, then you won't like this movie and, if you haven't seen the play (or heard the music) and you're totally unfamiliar, then you'll likely hate the movie. I've seen the play three times and loved it so it's no surprise that I loved the movie. As a side note, professional reviewers have always hated Andrew Lloyd Webber's work (Jesus Christ, Superstar; Cats; Phantom of the Opera) yet his work has been seen and loved for decades by millions.
I have no idea what I just watched...
everything about it was awesome.
Loved the costumes and the dancing and like it stuck to the stage play to a good extent.
Cats was the biggest litter box full of feces that Hollywood has ever made.
I saw theshow three times and loved it. But, this was painful, at times, to watch. I will say that the sets were excellent, the costumes were outstanding, and the star power, impressive. I did find some of the CGI creepy.The anticipated highlight of the film, Jennifer Hudson singing Memory, was all but drowned out by the top-loud instrumental s. It was a shame - the acting was very good, and the musicstrong. Maybe they should have left I or onthe stage.
Y I K E S. All I have to say. No plot line, no real message. Just because you have good singers and actors does NOT mean youll have a good movie.
Cats was the worst movie I have seen in a long time!!!!!
This movie is what no one ever wanted , ever.
Horrible, horrible, horrible!
A little slow at the start but awesome finish!!!
If you loved the play you'll love the movie! If you've never seen the play, don't enjoy musicals or dancing, or don't like cats, of course you won't appreciate this movie.Taking off one star because I don't agree with some of the casting.
The movie is an awful disrespect to the original musical. If that one was avant garde in the past for the costume design, the choreographies, the ingenious set design and the use of props on stage to develop the illusion of ready-made, the present film is mannerist, dmod, populist as camp pretending with the glitter of a well known cast, mostly out of character or far to have a voice to sing properly, the intention of revert the dark atmosphere of T.S. Elliot in a pop vaudeville.
As a huge fan of the play I enjoyed this movie. It definitely wasnt the same but I went into know it wasnt going to be. I mean sure there were things I didnt like for example I wish there was more dancing but they didnt hire dancers so. That wasnt news to me. They did explain some things the okay doesnt etc but overall enjoyed the movies it by far wasnt as good as the play but enjoyable. If you dont like the play you will not like this movie. Oh and yeah the cgi is weird but I mean you know what your getting in the preview so yeah.
If you love the stage version as I do.And your mind has some latitude as to how much they can change when adapting to film (as I do).You might just love this movie- as I do. Loved the star power, loved the new song, loved the movie.
It was a great movie!I thoroughly enjoyed it!
My wife and I found this movie delightful. It has a cast full of big name actors and actresses who performed very well. We highly recommend this movie!
This movie was plain bad.Complete waste of time.
Yall were too mean to this movie
Great costuming and choreography
It's sooooo bad, not even fun to mock watch
Most people wont get "Cats" at all because there is barley any plot. But I personally love the music in "Cats" and I really love the NEW song, "Beautiful Ghost." It is very sweet and of course, beautiful. The movie drags a lot because the musical is a poem and you will hear the word "jellicle" many, MANY times. So I would recommend the film to musical theatre lovers. But to the average person, you will get bored the first scene. Jellicle cats, jellicle ball, jellicle moon, jellicle review. I forgot to mention but the choreography in this film is amazing just like the broadway musical.
I enjoyed the movie very much. Music was good, but I really loved the original music!
I knew it will turn out bad. I hated the trailer. When I saw the trailer in the theater. I wanted to get out of there.
I'd like to be one of the few to say how INCREDIBLY spectacular this film was. In fact, I must own a copy right meow. If one was to pin me down and neuter me, I'd sing like Derulo and put angels to rest. I must reinstate my comment: heaven has nothing, I repeat, NOTHING. ON. THIS. SINGLE. MASTERPIECE. I'd like to thank the academy, my mother my father and the one and only, God, for creating this film. As I thot I'd never see the day that something so beautiful, so magnificent, so.. breathtaking, to ever enter my line of vision. I'm in awe, please cats, come hither now and cry me to sleep, for thy snot on jennifer Hudson's upper lip spares no match for the tears and leakage from my nostrils I let go during the transformational mental breakdown I experienced during this cinematic masterpiece. Thank you.
Went in initially to hate watch the film, ended up ironically loving it. the acting is great this music is amazing very fun time if you're open-minded that you're watching a movie about cats. great performances and kept me entertained the whole time. Ended up seeing it a second time days later wouldn't mind seeing it a 3rd.
I thought it deserved a much better than the rating it was given. I started googling around to try to understand why this movie got such a low rating. I never saw the original CATS. It seems the story line has changed quite a bit which is why people are rejecting it. The central character is now Victoria, a cat abandoned by her owner, played by Taylor Swift. I confess that the undue emphasis put on this character was a turn off, despite the fact that I like Taylor Swift. I didnt like the assumption made by the film makers that being pretty and beautiful is the most important thing movie goers would look to. Especially when there are such worthy characters around her, such as Judi Dench who are worthy of our admiration, and not because they are young and beautiful.
Worst movie ever with a great cast.The songs were awful.Victoria can dance but can't act or sing.Dame Judy terribly miscast.Save your
I loved it, the story was a bit drawn out and I did find myself getting bored but it picked up quickly.Great dancing and music.
I've seen the Broadway show so I was a little disappointed in the movie. Someone needed to call "cut" throughout the movie and wipe Jennifer Hudson's snotty runny nose! Did not like her in her part. Did not care for a lot of things. Back to Broadway we go!
Three words: Sucks so bad
Loved it if you like musical movies this is a good one!
oh man oh god oh man oh god
It was a great movie
very heavy sexually attracted to cats vibes from this movie. ive started greeting my cat by bowing and saying oooooh cat
This was bad.I had such a hard time understanding what was happening.I was watching Jennifer Hudson singing her heart out while snot was pouring out of her nose into her mouth.None of the jokes landed. Things were just happening and songs were being sung.I have to question the FBI why they have not raided Andrew Lloyd Webber's house because only a massive drug addict could have come up with this. Now I will return to my nightmares.Good day.
I bought the ticket for my mother and she said it was amazing and definitely worth 4 stars
I loved everything. Movie keep me focused. From the beginning to the end.
In short, I loved it. Yes, even the CG fur. It looked so soft! And those cute little ears everyone had were great too. All the songs were superbly performed. I didn't go in expecting to love it, but I left with a smile on my face. My kids liked it too!
I loved this movie! It was funny, wtf did I just watch, and I had chills all at the same time. Going to see it again
H O R R I B L E.I HATE CATS NOW.
So I went to see it with my cousins who love cats the musical, and my mother and I who are easily pleased by movies. We all hated it. It was slow and confusing and I didnt understand the plot until halfway through, my mom didnt get it until I explained it afterwards. I got up and left the showing for a few minutes because I needed a break. All-in-all I loved 2 parts, any part with James cordon and Jennifer Hudson singing memory, the rest was dreadful.
Although Cats was a journey through all seven circles of hell, it could be a very useful tool when CIA agents torture ISIS prisoners for information. Thanks, Cats!
The worst movie. Awful.
everything was terrible. except Idris.
Jennifer Hudson was remarkable, but I found the movie slow moving and I didn't really enjoy the story
In the beginning, I was thrown into a world of characters just as the lead cat Victoria was. We both didnt yet understand this new society. There wasnt much of an introduction which impacted newcomers, but its focus on committing to something that one doesnt understand originally led to the development of Victoria. Some scenes felt too drawn out and unnecessarily forced upon viewers to see brash comedy for the purpose of peaking the interest of younger viewers, but overall the character development did its best through singing and movement.
Yeah so this was def a film. That's all I can say.
It was well done.I had seen the musical twice and have the movie of the musical.It is one of my favorites.The comedy added by Rebel was an added bonus.
I gave it a chance, but it's just bad.The dancing was great, but the songs were ho-hum.
Didn't know that I could be arouse by cats. Go see Cats. Don't go see Cats. Purrr
Visually stunning, awesome choreography, heart felt songs, and emotional performances! I had never seen the play, so I was confused for the first part of the film, but as you learn about the "Cats world" you develop the emotional attachment to these characters. My kids (10 and 5) loved it. Younger children might find it boring due to the amount of songs. Nevertheless they will see the charm and beauty of the Cats.
. There is one thing you need to know about CATS; you either like it or you don't; you either get it or you don't; you either want the magic to be real, or you dont.It's that simple.This was an excellent version,Finally, Taylor Swift's song Beautiful Ghosts is so good it should be added to all future ones.thanks Taylor
Would be better on stage
Music was outstanding but the story was hard to follow.
Cats is great, I was looking for a hilariously bad movie but it's just fun. It's weird in the best way. All the numbers are great. I'd watch it again. Go in with an open mind and you'll have fun.
I'm not sure why people think it's sexual. Do people think nuzzling heads like cats is sexual? If you like musicals you'll love it.
It's just a bad movie
If you loved the musical, youll love the movie. Thats all there is to it. Ignore the critics and haters. Same characters, same songs, same lack of plot. If you never liked the musical or have never seen it, do not bother. You wont get it. This is purely for fans of the musical and purely an early-80s psychedelic trip. 
Not my cup a tea. Fell asleep and was tempted to walk out. On several occasions.
Really enjoyed, the singing and dancing was great.
Both the movie and Broadway release compliment each other. The movie has parts of the book that the Broadway release did not include. The plot in the movie was easier to follow and helps understand what was going on in both the Broadway release and the book. But the music and singing was way better in the Broadway release. So they go well together but would not recommend on its own, just as a follow up or precursor to the Broadway release.
The film starts with a song sounrecognizable you wish there were subtitles. But the rest of the movie was enjoyable and I would recommend it.
I Love Musicals And this was so different and so fun and done so well with so many stars it was just awesome just awesome loved it and telling all my friends about it!!!!
Thoroughly enjoyable. I saw the Broadway production and recognized it was not an earth shattering and complex plot but cute and enjoyable.This movie follows suit.Its not creepy.Its well acted and great choreography. Like the play its people dressed up and acting like Cats.People in the audience clapped at the end.
Some very talented individuals and performances are wasted in this CGI disaster. I didn't hate it but I did leave before it was over.What I can't figure is why they took such blatant liberty in changing the staging but retained a horrible score that sounded as if it were produced on my first Casio keyboard.
Ignore the haters! If you love musicals and fantasy, this is a great movie. I really enjoyed the reinterpretation and plus-ups from the stage version of the storyline.
This is a wonderful movie! I liked it so much better than the Broadway musical, and Taylor Swift co-wrote a new song with Andrew Lloyd Webber that fit right in. Some great actors and new ones as well, including the new actress who portrayed Victoria. I was so pleasantly surprised, after the critics panned it. They should be ashamed, thus is exactly the kind of innovative musical theater and movie experience the critics always clamor for. Dont read the critics rating, go see it, and decide for yourself!
My wife and I left half way through it. Slow and boring 
This movie could only be made in a world without God. A horrible fever dream of a movie that felt like it would never end.
Loved Beautiful Ghosts and Rebel Wilson.I am not a Jennifer Hudson fan so that really killed it for me.i didn't even begin to tear up so that is a fail on this particular movie.so if hudson gets on your last nerve when she sings then you will probably not get the memories magic you want but her fans should enjoy it.
Im not sure why people are hating so much on this movie! I thought it was fun, entertaining, and utilized the musical well.
Amazing dancing skills, the old catchy times brought to updated cinema magic and technology!
I give it 1/2 star for the transformation of the humans to cats, but this was soooooooo bad!!!! I suggest you go see something else!!! 
I went into this with every expectation that it'd be awful. I think most highly negative reviews come from people who haven't seen Cats the stage play or don't like it because, honestly, this is just Cats. To be fair, the CGI here can be laughably bad, but I think I would have walked out if I saw Dame Judy Dench in a spandex cat suit so this was probably the best avenue for production, though poorly executed. The singing is mostly excellent. The casting is fantastic. The comedy is it's Rebel Wilson. The plot is completely nonsensical, as you'd expect from Cats. It's TSElliot; it's not supposed to make much sense I'd recommend this movie if you were real into theatre in high school and to like literally no one else. It's not a good type of bad, but it's not truly a bad movie at all.
It was fun. Only thing it could have done without was Taylor Swift.
Our two cats are beautiful and graceful, yet sometimes they have leaves and other rubbish stuck to their fur and miss a jump and crash to the floor. They are funny and sweet, and yet will glare at you with a killer eyes for touching them the wrong way or forgetting to change the water dish. Similarly, Cats the movie is a really good theatrical version of one of the longest running Broadway musicals of all time. The broadway parts (i.e., music, lyrics, dancing, and sets) are as good as you would expect, if not better I just wish some of the CGI and overacting had gotten out of the way. It was sometimes distracting. Rebel Wilson was awful, but then there are people out there that say Pitch Perfect 3 was great. Judi Dench is not a great singer, but someone once let Pierce Brosnan sing in blockbuster movie so maybe we should give the Dame a break. I guess some people there was too much cat sexual tension or not enough realistic cat body parts, well our cats are gay all day and lounge around on their backs and I have yet to see any parts that would make me blush. Finally, I could listen to Jennifer Hudson sing the phone book and she gets to belt out one of the greatest broadway songs of all time so, my vote is, this movie is not a dog.
I really enjoyed the singing and dancing.The costumes were great
I think it's meant for a stage and not the big screen. I was bored at times. Jennifer Hudson's singing was the best part.
If you can hang in there, it gets better.The first 20-30 minutes is tough to watch.The camera angles were hard to follow. If they could re-do the beginning, it may be a winner.Judi Dench was classy and enjoyable as Old Deuteronomy.Taylor Swift and Jennifer Hudson's performances were the most enjoyable.Hudson's performance of Memory was THE BEST!! Laurie Davidson's portrayal of Mistoffelees was notable too.Francesca Hayward was fun to watch as Victoria.It turns out she can sing too.
Ive seen the musical and enjoyed the movie more. The music and dancing were fun and a great escape. You could tell the actors had fun making the movie and didnt take themselves too seriously. Ignore the critics and enjoy. It does take a minute to get used to the cartoon like CGI and human hands and feet. 
the best movie ever.
I liked this movie. I liked it better than the stage Musical.The actors all did a good job.If you like cats and musicals you will likely like this movie. My kids loved it but thought it was "weird".
Incredible. Shots had amazing composition, and the lighting was great. Story was very captivating as well. 10/10 would recomend
Great music, choreography and costumes, what more could you want from a musical!?!
Who thought this would be a good idea? I usually love Tom Hooper's movies, but this was just garbage. I was cringing for everyone involved, I don't know how they convinced Dench, McKellan, Hudson and the rest to even *think* about being in this!
Dont watch its trash
I'm outraged! How was this allowed to happen?! OUTRAGED! Rebel Wilson and Jason Derulo... NO! Never liked the Gumby cat, but now I HATE HER! Rum Tum Tugger was mutilated by a misplaced R&B interpretation - albeit, not Jason Derulo's fault. My god. And somehow Idris Elba was both the best AND worst part of this movie... In that, his acting is so wonderful and classical, but he is surrounded by complete and utter nonsense and "magic"... My god. OUTRAGED! The choreography is lovely and when the cats sing as a chorus, it's beautiful, but MY GOD! I sank down out of my seat at least 20 times. MY GOD!
Outstanding performances. Not my favorite musical.
This movie has moments of sheer brilliance and others of "What the hell?" but it certainly doesn't deserve the bashing it is receiving. Anyone who left in the first half hour missed all the great songs of the movie. Yes the movie starts slow and there are some terrible cringeworthy moments such as dancing cockroaches or the cats lapping milk from a bowl but there are also some powerful and entertaining performances. Jennifer Hudson is fantastic singing Memory and really takes the song home. Robbie Fairchild as Munkustrapp perfectly holds the limited story line (remember it is a collection of poetry put together into a musical) movie together. The dancing is brilliant although I feel that it could have been a greater focus as there were some fantastic dancers who did not get to fully show off their skills. Skimble shanks definitely my favourite but I might be biased as Steve Mc Crae is an Aussie. Ignore the critics and take a chance and watch this movie especially if you enjoy dance and music. Look beyond the poor direction and at times terrible CGI at the individual performances of the actors and dancers. That's where the true enjoyment of this movie lies.
El mundo est definitivamente mal, "Cats" esta muy muy lejos de ser la peor pelcula del ao.
I just finished watching Cats and I think that everyone needs to calm down.A couple of caveats: I was never a big fan of the play and I think the version of the movie I saw is the new "fixed" release.I liked it. I feel like most of the negative comments that I've read show a complete lack of understanding of the source material. The actors were never meant to be literal cats. This is a musical that is mostly about the singing and dancing performances, and the actors need to remain mostly human in order for that to work, so just get over it. The material is just weird (it always has been) but the movie actually made me like it more. I understand the different stories better now and can see how the TS Eliot inspired musical works conceptually.In the end, I really think it didn't have much of a chance to have a large audience so perhaps the hype hurt it more than anything else. Movie musicals in general have a limited audience, andmusicals with only sung storylines even less so. I think almost everybody has heard of Cats, but in reality I don't think a lot of people really know it. It's premise is ridiculous, it uses made up words, and it doesn't really have a plot to speak of. But... it does have opportunities for great performances, and beyond the literal lyrics lie some really good emotional moments. I think if you stop fixating on the mechanics, this movie delivers.PS I am usually a Rebel Wilson fan, but I thought she was totally out of place in this movie. Her scene seemed unnecessarily bizarre and her commentary during Derulo's number was annoying.
The choreography, cast. And costumes were top-notch! Jennifer Hudsons Memories, was stunning! We loved it!!
Seeing Jennifer Hudson's face fill the screen while she sang "Memory" made the entire movie.She OWNED it!A wonderful holiday romp.
Tried not to stare at the faces too much but the movie didn't seem to like that and forced me to watch that even more. The bad guy wore a coat the entire time except the last part, which was incredibly uncomfortable. The cinema was filled with five people. Three of them left.
I enjoyed musicals but I did not enjoy this one.
A confusing mess of a story, I went into this mostly blind, and holy moly... I spent the whole movie trying to work out exactly how a Jellical Cat differs from a normal cat, the pacing of the film is all over the place, and the editing was choppy.Then there was the CGI... if I didn't know better, this whole thing was probably done by Bethesda... it's like the people who animated the fur, and other tails never once spoke with the people who animated the clothes and accessories. Regularly things can be observed clipping through other things, and the cats often didn't seem to connect with the floor. The design of the cats themselves was creepy af, and add in Rebel Wilson... we get it, fat jokes...Whoever looked at this film and went "good job" has clearly has been using a VHS to watch this on.
It is not the movie of the year, but it is also enjoyable for those who love musicals. I wasn't shocked at all to see all these human faces, feet and hands, because the theatrical representation was just like that so... Wonderful music, actors and scenarios. Critics are being so hard on these film.
Fantastic.The theater production brought to the big screen.Hard not to do a sing along.
After all of the negative reviews I thought it would be awful but I was pleasantly surprised. It was great and enjoyed it more than the play.
I don't like theater but really wanted to see the movie. I doubt I could have sat thru a theater performance without the special effects of the movie. I loved the effects making the cat movements more believable. The movie did start off slow and I was a bit lost for a short while. I attributed it to being a theater score and took the time to bask in wonder at the cgi. I never buy DVDs but probably will get this one. I want to take more time to explore the details. The Bengal cat often just off main stage intrigues me. I never caught her clearly.
the entire score was thin vs. the rich, full sounds of live stage orchestra.Some individual interpretations of certain characters were not so powerful as stage production (ex--- Rum Tum Tugger Gus, the Asparagus cat.) Too many roaming cats, although true to form, lacked a central focus on the action. On a positive note, the Judith Densch performance was flawless.
For a musical adapted from the stage, I thought it was great. The costumes, the scenery and the dancing were all first class. I don't know what people expect from people pretending to be cats. They are people, they have fingers and toes, they speak. So what if Judy Dench is wearing a wedding ring. Use your imagination and go with an open mind. For a movie with such bad reviews, it surprising that it is playing to full audiences almost every day. Don't believe the critics, it's a nicely made film that is enjoyable just because it's a piece of art.
Ridiculous waste of time
Server's we well manner buttook forever to get our orders and did not get them right ...
Great cast and musicality. Costume design was amazing. Would be 5 starsbut storyline got drawn out towards end making it a bit too slow but I loved it overall.
Music was great and Jennifer Hudson, spectacular.
loved it great dancing and singing and the real cat like movements were PURRFECT
I loved it. It is a total musical and met beyond my expectations.
over acting ruined the music. should have been an animated movie.
This was a TERRIBLE movie.You can't even understand the lyrics of the songs being sung.It was just bad, worst movie ever.
Would rather be a Jew living in Nazi Germany than watch this film again Over all great film 10/10
God is dead. And we have killed him. How shall we, the murderers of all murderers, console ourselves? That which was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet possessed has bled to death under our knives. Who will wipe this blood off us? Withwhat water could we purify ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacredgames shall we need to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must not we ourselves become gods simply to seem worthy of it?
I would like a refund. I walked out of movie first 1/2 hr
I really enjoyed this movie. The songs, dance and story was amazing. The only reason I didn't gave it a full 4 stars to 5 stars was because the cgi was horrible.
I enjoyed the singing and dancing, but the key song "Memories" was a disappointment by being sung by a crying Jennifer Hudson.It should have been belted out as Betty Buckley did in the theater presentation.
I've never seen the Broadway Musical, so I can't really compare it to the original. The movie was casted well and imaginative, the singing and dancing where well choreographed, but the acting in parts without singing was meh.
Only made through 22 mins before we got up and left.Its my birthday and I wanted to see this so badly.My husband bought tickets and chose to go see it with me, knowing he would not enjoy it.But it was me that looked at him and said this is the worst adaptation of anything Ive ever seen, lets go!Worst movie Ive ever seen in my whole life and I turn 46 today and Im a frequent movie goer.
I thought it was amazing, funny and interesting!!!!
Unfortunately the movie isnt as good as its music!
Two good songs out of 20!Victoria excellent dancer.Most of movie was not entertaining!!!!!!!!!
If you have not seen Cats on stage do not watch this movie.
If you like musicals you will love this movie.Talent, costumes, amazing talent! Bring the Kleenex!
I gave it one star because it was nice to revisit the songs and music but the rest feltlike the film makers had never actually seen the actual musical.Too bad. all that music all that talent and then all that whatever it was.
WHY the CENSOR!???The most stupid movie "plot" and an even worse CGI "technology" makes the "cats" head look like severed from their shoulder. The heads doesn't look to belong to the cat.
I think the criticism is a bit unfair. It's a perfectly lovely adaptation. It's cheesy and campy, but still pretty fun.
I would give the play 1 star...always hated it, even on Broadway. So I agree that the play (the actual material) sucks. And this is not Webber's finest hour musically. But set that aside. Go see this KNOWING that the play and the lyrics and much of the music sucks. What is left is AMAZING choreography...stellar performances (I could not take my eyes off of Francesca Hayward)...creative sets and costuming. I have seen it twice,,,both times saddened by the fact that the reviewers couldn't see the artistry underneath the vehicle. The Skimbleshanks tap number had me smiling ear to ear.I thought Rebel Wilson was very weak and just tried too hard and Dame Judy (who I love) was too heavy handed...mostly because she can't sing at all. I liked it a lot...despite itself.
If you hadnt seen the broadway musical this movie will totally be lost on you. I loved the new take on it because of the fact when you watch the musical the actors/performers felt too big for their clustered set. This film gives you the opposite feeling they are tiny compared to their environment. I liked the addition of the new song it was sweet and beautiful. I would say that those seeing this for the first time didnt miss what I did which was rum tug tigers belt!! Thats part of his sex appeal so to speak and it was sooo missing from Jason Ds version. Other than that I have much love for it.
Loved the choreography & singing!!! The kindness that Victoria, the abandoned cat, who was accepted by the Jellicle cats, showed toward Griselda, the shunned elderly cat.People don't understand that the story is taken from T.S. Elliot's poems. It's a tribute to cats everywhere!!!:)
Having seen theater version 4 times, my expectations were great.Visual presentation was amazing! The singing was not as good as expected.Story line was more modified from theater version than I expected.
Great costuming and sets. Interesting portrayal of the story with outstanding performances by Dame Judi Dench, Jennifer Hudson and newcomer Francesca Hayward. Worth seeing but not on par with the Broadway production.
I recently saw CATS in Toronto and in preparation for the experience, we read the TS Elliott book to give us some context to the story. This helped a lot and at intermission, we googled our questions to get a better understanding of what was going on. As a result, our group loved the theatrical production and couldn't wait for the film version, which did not disappoint!The story provided in the movie was slightly different and actually expanded the story from the theatrical version. The costumes, singing, dancing and acting are beautiful!! Do your homework ahead of time and you won't be disappointed. It is a thought provoking story with themes that match the human condition.
I think all the negative prepared me to go into this movie with no expectations.I was happily surprised and entertained and so was my 11 year old.We laughed out loud and amazed at the sets, acting, singing, dancing and the CGI was fun.People who wanted this to be true to the original are taking it too seriously.People who had no knowledge of it need to know this is an interpretation of poems about cats...the movie does a great job with this and also ties them together with a story.Taylor Swift's song nicely ties the classic Memories into a new generation.This isn't for everyone, maybe not for most people, but if you go in with an open mind to a funny romp, then I think it's really good.
Loved it. Took my daughter and family for her birthday and everyone enjoyed it including my autistic son. Even if they did tease me for crying.
I went despite the baf]d reviews because I had always wanted to see the play.I found myself chuckling in a couple of spots.Ian McKellan and Judy Dench both brought their workman like craft to bear.But in parts-especially in the slow songs the movie dragged especially when they camera was closeup on their faces.All in all-I didn't hate it, but also would not tell anyone that HAVE to see it either.
It was the musical. No dialogue no real acting, but singing and dancing. I expected more. 
Incredible, the cgi is amazing, all the scenes make sense and the jokes are super on time, the action is very very very good. The musics are the best, no regretsGo to see it now!!!
So much better than stage play...
This wasn't as terrible as everyone made it sound I liked it. I've never seen the original play so I can't compare but it was decent. the only thing is I wish I had subtitles to fully understand what was being said in the songs. other than that might watch again.
Absolutely a must see for lovers of music, dancing and cats!Actors were phenomenal!
The music is great. Odd movie format. The live action play didnt translate to film well
Critics were out to get this from the first trailer so they could use all their cat memes.Critics suck.Those who cant do,critique!Did you like the broadway show?THIS IS CATS!A suicide cult of singing, dancing cats who plead their case for death and then the best singer gets in a hot air balloon and sails away to uncertain doom!What's not to love??? I enjoyed the broadway show twice,and cant figure out what the broadway fans dont like about this.They missing the furry collars and leg warmers???Wtf!And these friggin special effect purists!". Ohhhh the fur makes me feel so uncanny valley!"Pfffft,I had some FX junkie whining about transparencies and frame rates,to which I said, ". DUDE,ITS CATS!!!"Yah, thats the bottom line...IT CATS! You want singing and dancing human hybrid Neko furries?I DO!I'll buy the damned Blu-ray as well!!Smoke up and enjoy the cult!
My opinion on this movie might not be the popular opinion but I really loved this movie. You gotta set your expectations that this musical film will be weird but you got to focus on the plot and when I went in thinking that, I enjoyed it. However I won't deny there is flaws, they could've used more characters to develop their personalities, one song isn't going to do it. And also some of the camera angels just make you feel...disturbed. I don't know why, this is clear in the beginning. In conclusion, this movie isn't for everyone however I loved the songs and the characters. The world was beautiful as well, I love it.
Great version of the original! I will admit I was sceptical at first when I saw the new cgi design,but I honestly think the songs and acting was fantastic. Only disappointment was that Mr. Mistoffelees sang his own song, and not Rum Tum Tugger. Was really hyped to see that ;-;
The worst movie I ever sat through.I wanted to walk out but the thought that it would get better kept me in my seat.
I really enjoyed Cats the Broadway Musical and I really enjoyed this theatrical interpretation of the show.Its by no means a perfect movie.There is definitely some silliness to it and the CGI stuff gets some getting used to.The music and the dancing were wonderful.
really enjoyed it.if you like the Broadway musical , then you will like the movie
Stunning. Music and choreography was brilliant, a credit to the stage show.
Fantasticly amusing disaster
I heard there were bad reviews but I enjoyed it. It was cool to see so many big names in this musical movie.
The actors and talent were soooo incredible and yet it was all ruined by the decision to automate every single move. The music was almost entirely comprised of synthesized music and would have been so much better as real musicians playing real instruments. Basically I was left feeling like the entire movie was highly processed and corrected. When you have such incredible talent as actors then why not just let them do their thing? Just terrible and I hope that this is not a trend in the art world.
Jennifer Hudson was great, costuming was excellent, loved the way the cats ears moved, but in general was a little disappointed, liked Broadway Show better.A little slow, lots of dancing and singing, but slow.Glad I saw it, but wouldnt go back a 2nd time!
You need to love musicals. The play is better but I loved the dancing and singing. The actors looked and acted like cats.
Lovely dancing and singing, just great. No plot whatsoever. It was so hard to follow, understand, and/or relate it.
This movie was simply not made to happen they should have used less cgi also less known actor this way they won't destroy popular celebrities careers
The movie was confusing. The story line didn't make sense. It was time I wish I could get back off my day.
Watching Jennifer Hudson nose run made me sick.
It was confusing??? And ??? Pointless like why the cats have SNEAKERS AND The proportion of the world around them was so off!! Please don't watch it
Worst. Movie. EVER. Wish I could give 0 stars.
Slow start. Did not keep my attention. I felt disappointed.
Horrible movie.Non sense, people acting like cats does not make sense, boring.
I did not get the premise of the Movie, but Great costumes, great choreography.
I enjoyed the movie, it was familiar to me as I had seen the theater production twice over the years. My friend went with me and she had never seen it before. She loved it.
Wasnt as horrible as everyone said it was. It was Cats on the big screen, pretty much what I expected. I could of done without the CGI tho.
Great music, dancing and costumes.No story.
The dancing was superb!Jennifer Hudson was perfect, and I thoroughly enjoyed the entire movie!!!
It was a musical ballet that transported me to a land of fantasy.
Very very very WEIRD !!!
I would eat skittles out of Taylor Swifts ass.
Fifteen minutes in I googled, How long is Cats? Thirty minutes one a family of four left. Worst movie Ive seen in a really long time. 
if you like musicals, then you will enjoy this movie. I took my 6 year old with, and he enjoyed it as well. There are a lot of mixed reviews about this movie. 95% of the movie is singing.
If you have seen the Broadway show you left feeling cheated.The quality of the vocals were lacking. However if youve never see. It, many liked it because it was a cute story.
Worst movie I've sat thru for years.If this is faithful to the broadway show, I don't understand why that is such a hit.One good song out of the entire two hours.All these huge talents are completely wasted.Don't waste your money, there are much better choices out there!
Not worth two to watch!
This was a very well staged and performed event. Wife had never seen it it was awesome.
I understood it's based as a musical but for the first about 45 minutes its virtually NOTHING but singing. I could barely make out what half the lyrics were in those songs either. Thankfully it picked up half way through... the ending didn't much explain anything either.
Saw Cats yesterday and I thought it was really good,really well played and if Jennifer Hudson doesnt win several awards for her performance, I for one will be shocked! She was outstanding!!! She brought me to tears.
Liked everything, music, actors, every thing!!
Proportions for surroundings are inconsistent
Worst movie ever made 1/10 stars
Amazing it was Fabulous!!!
Yes the CGI was poor, but go with a friend and laugh about it! Don't take it seriously! I truly believe the choreography and singing was beautiful and the movie just fell into Internet cancel culture. It's truly not as bad as people are saying.
I am familiar with the play but if you are not this probably is not for you. I didnt care for a lot of the casting as it seemed a lot of the roles were cast more for name than the for the talent needed to play this type part. It was nice to hear some of the music but a lot of the CGI, or lack of it, comes off very odd, and creepy.
I am a freak and actually enjoyed this movie.I found it vibrant, fun and that it followed very closely to the original Cats musical.Yes there were inconsistencies in size continuity through out the whole film but You just gotta go with it.I happened to actually enjoy the new cgi cat fur.I mean its a musical about humanoid cats, what were we expecting.? They had to update it or we would have criticized why they didnt do something new and how old fashioned it would have looked. If you want to see the original cats costumes then watch the dvd thats out already.I thought all the actors were great and sang well. I would recommend this to all.Just remember, the original Cats is a very bizarre musical, so what wood you expect of the movie? Pure Bizarre Joy! And thats what youll get from the new movie.
Not sure about all the bad press, I thought it was great.
I enjoed the movie. Well produced. Beautiful singing, actors moved like cats, gracefully., face expressions. Very nicelyplayed.Lots of ballet movements.If you like musicals , you will like this movie.
One star for Jennifer Hudson! Other than that it was a very idk I cant even think of a word for how just blah it was.
A bit boring at some parts, I nearlyfelt asleep.
Honestly it was pretty bad. First of all let me say, I am so huge musical fan. Not so much a fan of cats, but I went to see it with the hopes that a spectacularly talented cast could bring new life to it. I was completely and utterly wrong.Taylor Swift character was played in an oddly disturbingly sexual way. It really felt as though she was trying to do the dirty with everybody on the screen.Including Judi Dench.Ewwww. Secondly, being juxtaposed to a vocal powerhouse like Jennifer Hudson, proved just how terribly pedestrian Taylor Swifts vocals actually are.And finally, if that werent bad enough, watching Rebel Wilson touch herself and again oddly sexually explicit ways was disturbing on a whole nother levellevel.If it wasnt trying to take a self so seriously, I couldve classified it has so bad its good. Honestly the entire audience spent most of the movie laughing out loud at the utter ridiculousness.
The movie was good tho a bit slow at times. Jennifer Hudson was absolutely Brilliant!!!
Waaaaay too much singing,wish there was more dialog. Costumes were amazing and a great cast
Don't listen to the critics. This is actually a really good movie. The effects and costumes and set are good as long as you understand that this is an adaptation of a play, it feels like a play watching it, and its meant to be that way. I mean honestly, this is a film adaptation of Cats the musical, i dont know what people thought they were going to see. If you dont like live theater or broadway dont bother seeing it.
I liked the movie:It was different from the stage production & unique in some ways.Howeverfew people were in the audience, and several left before the movie ended.
Loved it! Great dancing and fabulous songs!
So, I don't understand all the bad ratings. The CGI was very good, Taylor Swift and Rebel Wilson were amazing. Thr only bad parts were Elba's and Derulo's acting.
The musical performances and the acting were superb. The vocal and dance numbers were well connected into the story.
Did not translate well from the stage
The visuals were absolutely amazing. I think it takes a certain type of crazy to appreciate this movie. You need to like singing, because that's all it is. It was boring at times but really it was good. I definitely want to see it again.
What an annoying mess.
I'm not sure what the naysayers have to be critical of. The production was fresh, the choreography innovative and the music and singing was at it's timeless best.
I have gazed into the Maw of Eternity, and I can no longer sleep, for I fear what my own cat would whisper into my ear and how those whispers might be interpreted by my sleeping mind. Yet the waking day brings no respite, for with each passing moment the Veil 'twixt this world and the Heavisde Layer grows ever thinner. My cat wails as Feeding Time draws nearer, yet all I can hear is that damnable Overture. Soon those wailings will take the form of Jellicle Songs, and at that moment my descent into madness will be complete. Yet it was all worth it, for a life lived having not seen this movie is a life not lived to the fullest. Perhaps if I give myself over to the music, I too can ascend to the Heavisde Layer and leave behind the mundanity of this mortal existence...
It is easy to seek comparison with the stage play as this musical, CATS is one of the finest ever created, leaving decades of loving the characters, story and above all the music from genius, Andrew Lloyd Weber . The costumes of a stage play are far more visually extreme and detailed but the close up of ear and tail movements, details of facial expressions were so very present in cinema. The cast of characters were superbwith an award rightfully due to J Hudson playing Grizzabella. I have read reviews and so very disappointed with the amount of ignorance of those expecting a movie about cats with the dialogue the likes of 101 Dalmatians.CATS was not created as a movie but a Musical Stageplay, and unfair judgement seems prevelant. I loved the movie and enjoyed the differences keeping in mind the attributes of each style of theatrical presentation.
Casting was as good as stage performances.Jennifer Hudson was exceptional.The lead character was beautiful in dance and song.Specialeffects were blended nicely with actual choreography.
It was so good. Why could someone ever hate it. I don't know how it got 18%. Absolutely marvelous
This was a great rendition of the play.Thank you for making the film. Generations of people will be able to enjoy.
There are some events in life that are so devastating you never forget. JFK shooting. Challenger explosion. Twin towers attack. This movie isn't THAT bad, but only because that would make it good.
Just couldnt get into it. I liked them amazing makeup and costumes that was it
Terrific dancing and use of cat costumes. Music was fabulous.Better to be very close to the characters than sitting further away in audience for live performance.Loved the movie.Dont understand the pan by critics!
It was very tedious to the original play in the 80's. The characters were spot on. I enjoyed the musical score and would watch this film again. If you love a musical I would recommend you see it.
I didnt hate it.I enjoyed the music most, however, found the movie overall rather entertaining.Yes, it was at times confusing Rebel looked nude, Idris green eyes were creepy, Jennifers sadness was confusing, butJames was fun for me.Dame Judys character seemed overstuffed, but she was at her best.I was expecting so much more... but I didnt hate it.
I admit that I have never seen the theatre production, but as a movie the storyline was pathetic. It was like a 2-hour introduction of different cats with little cohesion to hold it all together.Both my wife and I wanted to leave after half an hour but decided that we should endure the entire movie to see if it improves. It doesn't, we should have left!
This movie definitely doesn't deserve all of the hate it's been given. Should the director have treated it with more creative respect and not a 36 hour cram session to meet a deadline? Absolutely. But to those who say it doesn't have a plot or what have you. Its literally Cats. This is a movie based on a Broadway hit which was based on nothing more than a book about poems. CGI glitches aside, I think it did a marvelous job portraying a modern version of a stage classic. It had its flaws, but it's worth making your own opinion on.
A legal way to have acid...
Cats was absolutely garbage , terrible andvery bad. Worse movie of 2019! Dont waste your time or money! Plot, storylineand acting were horrible !! Film deserves an F
Although it is different to the play in some ways, it's a good adaptation to the screens and with a great crew. The actors and actresses who play a role in the movie have great facial expressions which makes you feel they really are understanding how to be a cat.
This was the worst movie I've ever watched in my whole life. From the moment the camera panned down The Egyptian, I cringed from the sheer pain of watching humanoid cats prance across the screen. It was deeply perverse and disturbing.
They did a great job of translating the stage to the screen. My daughter loved the music and dancing and wanted to immediately watch it again
Rebel Wilson eating dancing cockroaches with human faces was not the most disturbing part of this movie. Enough said.
I liked it except for a few scenes - especially the snotty nose/running in her mouth singing scene. Yuck
CGI was way off and cats' ears and tails dont move that often. Dancing was great, but green screen was so visible it was distracting. Had so much potential. Jennifer Hudson is amazing and the little white cat was a fantastic dancer. (Sorry, dont know her name)
It was all song and dance and a limited plot.Got to be enough after 20 minutes.
Can you give negative stars? Worst thing Ive ever been subjected to. Releasing a torture of a movie this bad should be illegal.
Worst movie of the decade. Save your money and watch local news on tv.
Disgusting. This movie is a terror of the year.
didn't care for it.....Boring
I can't... I can't do this anymore. I walked down the wrong street to go for a beer after the movie ... I was too disoriented to think. I have to repress this event. I didn't even make it to the end. I couldn't, I tried. My brain feels like battery acid, my legs feel likesomeone spoon fed me Percocet to get me through the cinematic disaster. I'm struggling to type this because all I see in my mind is rebel Wilson scratching her inner thighs; an attempt on comedy that was lost to the void. I screamed into the void in the theatre and it finally screamed back.
I thought they did a great job bringing the musical to the big screen! I saw the play when I was a child and the movie brought back all the feels! Songs were spot on. It was slow moving yet that's the story.
As a fan of the musical (and Elliot's book), I was concerned by the negative reviews. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the film, though. It captures the magic of a show about cats-- showing the actors and dancers who execute their feline personalities, taking it just seriously enough. The CGI was interesting, and Hooper made some bold choices, but overall I think it works. I was most disappointed in the addition of a song that didn't originate from T.S. Elliot's writing, and the MaCavity "cat-napping" storyline. I didn't mind the addition of Victoria, and appreciated the opening scene of her human abandonment. It's poignant. Why not at least give her an "Elliot" name (Electra)? The actress who plays this role becomes the focus, and she does a good job. I thought Mistoffelees wasn't interpreted correctly. I liked the actor, but the role as written isn't the cat Elliot and the musical gave us. That said, once you accept the CGI and slightly out-of synch sets, you can lose yourself in the singing dancing spectacle.
it was the most beautiful disaster I have ever watched
Honestly I feel like all the bad reviews are people just not being able to think for themselves. People being hung up on them having human faces and hands just shows the lack of imagination and ability to appreciate risky artistic choices in film. It was an overall enjoyable movie. The dancing was beautiful and I'd recommend to anyone who likes the genre.
By far the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. No plot point. I fear that watching the may have given me cancer. 
Tom Hooper's "Cats" is a catastrophic adaptation of the Broadway musical that proves to be a bad fit for the big-screen. Some musicals are never meant to be made into movies, and unfortunately that's the case with this film. With his latest musical, writer/director Tom Hooper has crafted a bombastic extravaganza that doesn't work on most levels. On a positive note, the musical sequences are spectacular and filmed with visual panache. As he proved with "Les Miserables", Hooper certainly knows how to stage a spectacular musical sequence. The songs from the original Broadway show remain as timeless as ever, and are utilized smartly in the film. However, amidst the spectacular musical sequences the storytelling gets lost in the shuffle. Hooper is so concerned with getting from one musical sequence to another that he almost forgets to tell a cohesive story. The screenplay is poorly written, and arguably the film's primary weakness. Thankfully, though, the cast is at the top of its game and seems to be having a ton of fun. Francesca Hayward delivers a star-making performance in the lead role, and proves to be one of the bright spots of the movie. With captivating expressions, she captures the struggles of an outsider cat that longs to be accepted. The rest of the cast is filled with big-name stars that are mostly wasted but still enliven the film. Despite the efforts of the talented cast, "Cats" is a mediocre musical that simply doesn't work. Fans of the original Broadway show may enjoy it to a certain degree. However, it is going to take more to convince casual movie-goers that their time and money was well-spent.
Actors and Actress's Were fabulous. Songs , Very Delightful. Costumes were very realistic. The Cat's , Ears and Tails , moved like they were real , with the mood and / orsong , at the time. My Grandaughter , loved it. She has been waiting for the play itself to show up here in Florida. So, This movie of the play , was great for all !!
Not as bad as others claimed. You cannot compare live play and movie. the only comment I have is that they didnt maintain the size of the cats like are they halfway height of a door or shorter than the space under the countertop and cabinets.
The dancing was the best part of the movie. Other than that, this film lacks in just about every other category. Tragically hard to get past the ugly appearance and dismal mood.
literally like pulling teeth, i would rather watch paint dry then watch this cringe worthy movie
Utter nonsense. Opening song singing about nonsensical words. Cats biting the heads off of human like roaches. Obese cats parading around pulling tail between legs (think stripper with a towel). Poetry type lyrical stanzas that are hard to comprehend at times. I got up and left about 35 min into the show after asking those I was with if they understand what's even happening? After they shrugged and were as clueless as I was, I just left.
Was very enjoyable similar to the play.
That sure did happen! Very fun
Thought this would be an awful experience but turned out to be one of the best musical movies I have yet to see on the big screen.
Just to slow moving!!
Pretty sure all their budget went to salaries. After the actors cashed their cheques, they were left with enough money to buy a cheap bottle of wine enough to cloud their judgement while they cgi this movie on MS Paint.One star for spelling 'Cats' correctly.
The strangest movies I've ever seen. Ian McKellen walked away intact.
It was great. Jennifer Hudson was amazing. I have no idea why the critics hate this show so much but it was great.
Not sure what the critics are hating. It was innovative film making. Reminded me of the original Broadway show. Worth seeing.
Worst movie I have ever seen in my 39 years of life. No plot. Insanely difficult to follow. Two hours of dancing, singing cats with no purpose. I can't believe I gave money to see this. I have never written a bad review on a movie and I have never felt so terrible leaving a theater having giving my money for something like this. My 9 year old slept through it. I want my money back.
It was ok. I just think this should have stayed on the stage. Everything just seemed fake...
Ive always been a fan of this musical...the costumes, make-up, and especially the dancing. Jen Hudson killed Memories, and what a treat seeing Dame Judy Dench as Old Deuteronomy. Ian McClellan was the perfect Gus! If you love cats, and Andrew Lloyd Weber, then youll enjoy this movie. The story line requires no deep thinking, but it does have a powerful statement of acceptance of those less fortunate around us. At least, thats what Ive always taken from this story of felines.
Don't believe the critics, this is a must see. It stays very true to the theater production and as such can be confusing in the beginning if you're unsure about the story line. The performances are superb, the dancing is wonderful and ignore the CGI comments, the cast look magnificent. Loved every minute and was humming and singing memories all the way home.
I mean you'd have to already like the stage show to really dig this. The CGI furry bodies were a little much at times. There were some touching moments but the whole idea of magnifying the human streets down into the cats' perspective was visually trippy and also overdone at times. There were good performances by Corden, Dench, Hudson, and Swift in an otherwise overall weird experience.
loved the movie. wouldn't change a thing
Here's what I have to say about the new Cats the Movie. Jellicle-well-done! Go jellicle yourself you jellicle jellicles!What the jellicle are you jellicles thinking? "Cats are not dogs", what the jellicle are you even talking about? And what the jellicle is a jellicle?I feel like given how horrible the movie is this should be a curse word right now? Is it not? Forgive me, you know, English is not even my jellicle native language.How do you want to improve? Let's start by explaining what the jellicle is a jellicle?
Didn't watch but horrible
Who approved this garbage? I'll give it a half-a-star more than it deserves just because the music wasn't bad but that's me being generous. A film about horny cats in a cult, that's what I took away from this movie. Avoid it like the plague.
Absolute garbage. The songs suck, the acting sucks, the cg sucks, everything sucks. This movie is our world's future in cinematic form.
Terrible. I would have walked out in the first musical number but I wanted to give it a fair chance. Staying for the whole thing was a cruel and unusual punishment and probably took at least 3 years off my life. Do yourself a favor and do not see this movie.
Its a good movie. Its based on a poem by TS Eliot. If you want to understand whats going on in the movie then read the poem.
I did not get the plot of the movie. I rather see the musical than to watch a movie about a musical. I was completely bored
This was an absolutely beautiful, magical and moving film. I have no clue as to how the critics got this so wrong.They totally twist things around and find negatives in elements of the film that were, in fact, creative and comical. Tom Hooper did a wonderful job in adapting this difficult to adapt-to-film movie.
The dancing was fabulous and the sets were really great. It was like watching the Broadway play, and I enjoyed the songs.
This movie had no plot or definite story that was easy to follow. I fell asleep many times and was more awake as the end got closer. I appreciate all movies but this was a real sleeper where youre waiting for something to happen and it never does. Dont waste your money unless your looking for a reason to take a nice nap.
Not sure why people are saying it's so bad. If you like musicals and have seen Cats the musical, I'd say they did a really great job. Also not sure why people keep saying it's overly sexual. My only issue was that the CGI may have been a little too overkill, but definitely worth seeing!
Cats is art. If you don't like it then you've probably never done cocaine.
The movie was pretty good.I heard it was too sexual and that the realal hands should not have been shown. Baloney!In the stage there were real hands and faces with makeup.Cats always rub there face to the cats upper body.The music was good , staging was okay.The song Memories was terrific of course with Jennifer Hudson singing it.
Not as terrible as the reviews make it, especially if you are familiar with the stage play. The major stars preformed the poorest aside from Jennifer Hudson. For lovers of musical theater and those who know the stage production.
Loved everything about it.If you dont like musicals and dancing you wouldnt like this movie because it was full of that. Fortunately I love singing and dancing.
I have gazed into the depths of Hell, and it's full on anthropomorphic cats. The light is gone from my life, and all I feel is pain, confusion, and hatred.The motion capture on the cats was bad. Their movement made me sick from a technical standpoint, and creeped me out from a "that's not natural" standpoint. Over and over I asked myself "what's happening?"If you want a quick summary of this movie: "I am [weird name] cat, I am an [action] cat. I do [action] because I am an [action] cat.
Ughhhh, that was one of the worst movies Ive ever seen. I started laughing hysterically in the middle bc of the ridiculousness of it all! Yikes
I am currently about an hour into cats the movie and I have never been more confused and disturbed at once. For one, I simply have no idea what the plot is. It seems all these cats keep introducing eachother and singing the same sort of song the entire time. Next, the portrayal of the cats is deeply terrifying. Their only catlike features are their tails and small amount of fur on their bodies, while they still have human faces, hands, feet, and move in full human motion. In addition, their British accents mixed with singing make it impossible to understand a single word they are saying. Lastly, the amount of sexual tension between these cats is disgusting, it's not just horrifying to watch, the idea of cats being sexual literally makes me sick to my stomach. However, I still have an hour into this film so much more can happen. Let's discuss the animation in this film. One unsettling aspect is that I have no idea if this film is animated or not. The cgi is so horribly executed it looks as if the cats are part of doodle jump when leaping from surface to surface. (Quick side bar, Taylor swift just appeared from the sky, unsure of her significance and role in this this far she is simply hanging from the ceiling). In addition, the cats are completely Unproportional with their surroundings. In some scenes they are miniature in comparison to objects such as a bed or couch but when they are on the street they are the size of an average human. Also, their tails do not move in correlation with their body. This has been a truly painful experience and I am really unsure if I can withstand the duration of this film. The only thing that would make this movie better would be if the theater lost power and I got to go home. I would rather spend my $10 on literally anything else in the entire world.
It was very hard to get through. But I wasnt a huge of the musical but the commercials made this look magical. Please dont waste your money it is anything but magical.
on Broadway it makes sense that the "Cats" look like people because you can't exactly get cats to do what they do on stage. But Why on earth would you make humanoid cats in a movie, why not just Cgi Realistic looking cats? not human cats.
It's not perfect, but easily the equal of most attempts to put a live show on a movie screen. I see no reason why anyone who likes the show wouldn't enjoy this movie. The songs are all well performed, and I liked the few changes made to the book. I'd have left out the cockroaches, and the garbage cans from Bustopher Jones, but overall, it's very enjoyable and getting an undeserved bad rap. 
CGI is bad. I was very uncomfortable throughout the whole movie.
We loved the sets and staging.The music, story and dancing were all amazing.
Disaster with some of the worst CGI ever
dancing and singing was amazing, it was a little slow at first but the more i understood what was happening in the movie it got better
I loved the dancers and the scenario, but I believe that the fur could had looked more real, I do not see the sexuality that has being accused from. The music and performances are classics and they are amazing!
I remembered walking out of the theater after 10 minutes and I was like "what the actual f*** was that?"
This is the first time I've EVER walked out of a movie before it was actually over!Ugh!
I came home after watching this and my indoor cats became outdoor cats.
Taylor Swift and Jadon Derulo stole the show. I particularly loved how the cats had human hands and feet. The costumes were on point and Mr. Mistoffelees left me wanting more. A must see for all.
The movie is exactly what I expected the stage version would be on film. Going in knowing this a surrealistic, fantastical tale from the perspective of cats means you leave the real world at the door and immerse yourself in their world. Once you can do this, you will enjoy the Musical genius of Andrew Loyd Webber, Poetry based onT.S. Elliot, and Tony Award-winning Choreographer Andy Blankenbuehler (In the Heights, Hamilton, and Bandstand), I expected a lot, and director Tom Hooper did not disappoint.
seemed very slow. some of the words we could not understand them singing. overall it's an ok movie. would wait for it to come out on a streaming service.
Terrible. Went as a family and nobody liked it.We walked out.
Dont waste yourtime and money by going to see Cats. In my opinion the acting was mediocre, the storyline was weird, and overall it was super boring.
it made me quit drugs
This is an excellent show! I have seen the Broadway version, and this is much better. The realism is much better in this film version. Anyone who loves it on stage will adore it on screen!
I thought this movie would be so bad it was good...but it was just bad.
If you dont like musicals don't see it. Cast was great. Choreography excellent. Cat video onto humansoverlay amazing.
Absolutely horrible, and incredibly inappropriate very self shaming do not waste your money seeing this! My kids were very uncomfortable seeing this 
Is it possible to give this zero stars?
I was disappointed with as many stars in the movie - it was not good
A good adaption of the musical. Not a fan of James Corden but found him entertaining in this. It misses the original choreography and its a shame more focus wasnt given to big dance numbers but the score is musical theatre at its finest and the cast were great. 
Loved the cast and music.
If you liked the play, you will enjoy the movie. If you hated the play, you will hate this more. If you did not see the play, you have to realize there is really a barely there plot. It is from basicially a poem and the attraction is the singing and dancing, which in this case, with one exception, were spectacular.The main exception was Jennifer Hudson, singing Memories. This was the worst I have ever seen her sing. I went in waiting for this song, it is the showstopper and she surely had the voice to belt it out of the park. Instead, it was sniveling and sniffling, she was bent over and depressed the whole song. At the end, she is supposed to stand and shine, instead all you get is shots of shot dripping out of her nose down her lip. Sure, there were quirks. Judi Dench looks like the Cowardly Lion from the Wizard of Oz, Rebel Wilson's solo was painful to watch, and there were hokey moments on a ship. For the life of me, could not understand why the sheets on the train looked like they were wrinkled on purpose, instead of neat and ironed, it was rather distracting. But still, I love the music and would recommend it to those, again, who love the play.
Well the movie was about 1 and half hours longWe loved the make up ,special effects,acting and of course the musicWe would personally recommend it
Fun, great costumes and special effects. Awesome dancing. Some scenes were a bit too long but overall it was very entertaining.
So fun!! Ignore the haters.
It would have gotten 3 stars had there been Acid Ecstasy or any other hallucinogenic drug handed out at the door.
The songs were not engaging and could not be saved despite the number of big name stars on the movie.
You have to be a cat lover to appreciate this story humanizing cats. I am not a cat lover, but I enjoyed the choreography & a couple songs. It would be better as a ballet.
Absolutely awful. I've never walked out of the cinema before...I have now. Thanks Cats.
I've seen Cats on stage, and of course - everyone has seen the old video musical. This was an interesting adaptation and not entirely unpleasant. There's a few specific changes to bring the audience into the movie through the eyes of Victoria. Many of those alterations were welcomed. The changes made for Macavity and Mistoffelees were certainly unnecessary. And finally, I can't complete this review without discussing Jennifer Hudson as Grizabella - absolutely stunning!!
If you dislike cats, or are put off by cat people, then I suspect you will likewise dislike or find little to enjoy about the Cats movie. I, on the other hand, do like cats and am fascinated by them; I also like Cats and found it specifically fascinating to watch.
I actually enjoyed this movie , I have never seen the play so looked at it as a chance to see something that would be far more expensive to see on stage . The problem is people expected a movie with a narrative and plot and structure when that is never what cats has been or pretended to be . 
Vocals were a bit disappointing for a Weber musical.
We enjoyed the movie despite the negative reviews. Having the opportunity to see Cats on stage, we found the movie to be true to the theme, entertaining and quite moving. The movie explained many internal themes many miss from the stage production. In addition, this is a movie about humans playing feline characters and is not an animation, allowing for recognizable human emotion to be emitted. Our actual rating is 4.5.
It's hard to get into the story. The filmmakers should have done reshoots after an early trailer was panned.
I'm familiar with the original musical and I think that (almost) all of the actors/dancers did a very good job! What I didn't like was that they put Rebel Wilson and James Cordon in this Movie, the 'comedy' seemed forced and was unnecessary in my opinion. And I think that some of the dances lacked a certain dynamic what was a bit dissapointing. And lastly I really disliked the way they changed the song 'Mungojerry&Rumpleteazer'! But over all I greatly enjoyed it and loved Victoria's song!
No, there really isnt a cohesive plot and you have to believe in talking cats with a secret society with incredible dance skills and voices but these arent problems the film created. These are carried over from the stage show. What the film does bring is multiple sets, fun cinematography, amazing choreography, original music not native to the show and an all star cast the likes of which could never have been assembled on stage or as accessible as a film can be.Jennifer Hudson brings a depth of grief and despair to the role of Grizabella that I have never seen on stage. She performs the iconic Memory not as a power ballad, which we know she is capable of, but as a soliloquy as she resigns herself to what will certainly be her death. Sir Ian McKellen plays a grizzled old theater cat as only he could. Dame Judi Dench plays Deuteronomy as herself warm, wise, kind but with fur. Francesca Hayward is a stand out as Victoria the white cat. Her dancing is a marvel but she can sing and act as well. James Corden and Rebel Wilson are silly but they are meant to be. If you are a fan of the stage show, youll love the movie.
It's upsetting. I felt as though I was being held captive. I first want to say that the actors in this movie are obviously talented and probably deserve much more credit than they will get. But this movie is disastrous.I am familiar with the music and plot of Cats (if it really has a plot to begin with) and this is still the most incoherent and incomprehensible movie I've ever seen.The animation is grossly inconsistent, with almost every dancer's feet hovering a half inch off the ground. Every feature of the characters seemed to float around independently of the rest.I was left with so many questions. Why were the musical arrangements so tinny and shallow? Why could I barely understand what is supposed to be my first language? Why did this movie get made? Why is it all so goddamn horny?The ridiculously long final scene feels like it's taunting me still. Dame Judi Dench stared me in the eyes. She told me about her confidence in me and my knowledge, because now that I watched the gibberish for two hours, how could I be so dumb as to not understand their secrets?"Look at you," she tells me. "Dumb baby. Stupid dumb little baby.""No," I cry out. "I'm not a baby!""Stupid little piss baby. You're going to sit right there and watch this eight minute long scene, aren't you, you stupid baby? That's right. Of course you are."I shudder as Judi Dench turns away, smirking.How I wish I was Jennifer Hudson, floating into the sky to be reborn into a purer soul, a soul not defiled by this film.
Of course loved the MUSIC and enjoyed the new song Beautiful Ghosts. Play still much better. Saw it on Broadway.
Extremely loud and just didn't hold the interest of the group I was with, leaving before the end was an option.
Superb cast really brought this to life. If you like the musical, you'll love the film! James Corden was hilarious. Taylor Swift, mesmerizing. Dame Judy Dench, perfect!. and that tap dancer - just wow! It was a good length, too. Ended right when I was ready. I will be buying the DVD.
Loved everything about it.Critics bashing this movie are worthless.
It had some wonderful dance moves
Why on earth would you make this film?
I enjoyed "Cats" but then I have also seen the stage play a few times and am familiar with it and love the music. It transferred reasonably well to the screen....not perfect but I found it pleasant.
Its true that all the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle, yet Cats was able to extinguish the light within my soul; darkness abounds. 
Pretty awe full movie and I love musicals. Save your money.
Absolutely loved it.
Storyline, set production and cast were great.
Just like watching a stage play, so much talent. The story couldve used work for those unfamiliar with the story.
Very well done for a musical on screen. Cat manerisms down to a tee, amazing voices and well invested in proper dancers. If you are a fan of musical theatre, this one is for you.
Fantastic!Costuming incredible and Jennifer's rendition on Memories brought tears to our eyes!
The point of a musical is to go quickly from one good dancing and singing number to the next. The singing was very good, the dancing was great. So as a musical for me it was successful and I enjoyed it. I have seen the original CATS in Theaters years ago, so I had some expectation. The version I saw was probably sans the CGI fixes, as the hands were generally human hands. But other than the hands, which could have been fixed, I was not unhappy with the overall look. They made a conscious choice not to put fake cat noses on the people, and I thought it was OK, it allowed the actors to be more expressive I think. I think makeup on the noses could have been used also, but I think it would have been 50/50 if it was better or not. Similarly the feet were generally feet. That helped make it clear these were real dancers actually dancing, not some made up CGI movements, and I think that gave it more of a theater look, so again, to me that was OK, though I can see why some people wanted either furrier feet, or maybe cat-printed dance shoes in some of the ballet scenes. But to me it didn't take away at all, I thought the dancers, especially the lead actress, were fantastic dancers. I think this is somewhat unfairly criticized. As far as 'plot', the original didn't really have one. This has very slightly more, but not much, and that's OK. In a musical sometimes the less that gets in between the singing and dancing numbers in a musical, the more time for the singing and dancing.The only thing I would have liked is if they recorded it in 3D. That would have brought me into the space of the performance more, more like the theater, and would have been a definite plus. Especially if they used high-frame rate 3D.
https://youtu.be/dpfoOvRhwrsEverything you need to know about this movie is right here
It is a Broadway musical and my daughter really wanted to see it because it was about cats. She is 9 and loved it! The costumes are fabulous! I am not much in to Broadway musicals but it was ok.
Just another reboot society did not need. Too much CGI. The whole musical scenarios were awe full and the choreography was bad. Anyone who starred in this movie was an idiot for accepting their roll when castes. Essentiallycommitting Social suicide and ruining any chances of appearing in any good films.
I was gonna be 3 years sober in January, but yesterday I took my baby cousins to see this utter vomit and I won't ever want to be sober again. I'm gonna have to pay for my cousins' therapy too. I'll just go and end it now.
visual effects and music were great. the story is hard to follow
If you are familiar with the musical CATSand musical theater - you'll like it. If you are not familiar with either, you'll think it's insane.The dancing and singing were great and the movie had more of a plot that made sense vs the play.
Liked the scenery and music. And Jennifer Hudsin gave us all goose bumps.
The graphics were amazing and over all they were really in character as cats, though I really did love all the music.
Hard,,,, to follow,,, music is,,,, subpar
Since we didn't see a stage production, we didn't have any preconceived notions about what the movie would be like. We found it very entertaining, a fantasy about what cats in human form might be like. Loved the ear and tail action as well as the mouse and bug scene.
I'm not a big fan of the musical-which is basically a string of songs loosely held together by a vague and vacuous plot. I haven't seen the movie, but my daughter, an award winning choreographer who has actually done this show said the following after seeing the movie: "I now know what purgatory must be like: to be the unfortunate dramaturg on the #CatsMovie." It's also telling James Corden, a veteran of big stage shows, chose not to see the movie. I'm thinking most of the folks upvoting this are not theater goers, but cat hoarders who think anything with a cat is cute.
I've seen the play more times than I can remember and I thought the movie was excellent. The girl that played Victoria was wonderful as was Jennifer Hudson. I thought the costumes were fine.
Very entertaining! Costumes were amazing and realistic.The ears were adorable.
I love the movie of cats because I am a fan of Taylor Swiftand i really love animals. Cats is the best musical ever when it came to Blackpool from London
overly drawn out. too many stars and not enough emotion.
It was bad. But what made it bad exactly? Aside from obvious trash casting (tswift) everything. Everything was bad. She made it worse.
Solid adaptation given the source material. Beautiful sets and songs, a wonderful spectacle with some flawed direction and CGI misteps.
storyline not deep enough to carry big screen it is much better live, where, les mes and phantom had a deep enough story line to make big screen as good as live
Truly impressive how you can make such a talented cast produce such a bad film. The icing on the cake was having the music so loud you can't properly hear Jennifer Hudson's big ending of the solo. It's almost like they were trying to make a bad film
CATS, the musical, the movie. Review.Now look, I had seen and read the negative reviews. Quite frankly some of them had seemed a tad outlandish and over the top. These reviews included, "My eyes are burning. Oh God, my eyes" and "This is the worst thing I've ever seen. This is what death feels like. This is the worst ketamine trip."I wanted to see the movie for myself, there's no way it could possibly be that bad, right?Right?WRONG.CATS is the worst movie I have seen in my entire life. Bar none. It's not an exaggeration. I feel bad for the actors. Some of them are actually trying. It doesn't help.The whole movie is simply nonsensical. The movie feels as if you're in a fever dream, praying to wake up and regain consciousness. Instead, you're thrust into two hours of Idris Elba meowing and showing his bare buttocks, cockroaches with HUMAN FACES dancing, and a disturbing sexual tension throughout the entire cast of felines.You find yourself constantly asking questions. Why are the cats called 'Jellicle cats'? Why is Rebel Wilson eating a cockroach? Why oh why did they make TWO, not one, but TWO jokes about nut shots. Can Tom Hooper's Oscar for the King's Speech be taken away? Is God real?CATS saves the best scene for last. It's coup de grace. You're begging the movie to end, pleading even. PLEASE cat Judi Dench, PLEASE end your monologue. And finally, at last, you think it's over. The torture is over. BUT IT'S NOT AND JUDI DENCH IS BREAKING THE FOURTH WALL TRYING TO GIVE YOU A LIFE LESSON ABOUT JELLICLE CATS AND A CAT IS FLOATING INTO SPACE AND.then it ends. It's over. You walk out of the theatre attempting to piece your life back together. You don't know if you can. All you hope is that in time, the images you saw that night will slowly erase from your memory.I'm giving it .25 points out of sheer pity. I'm going to bed and hopefully, I will wake up in the morning and I will have never laid eyes on this monstrosity.CATS: .25/5. VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED.
The worst film I had ever watched.The only reason I didn't leave was because I slept through it!
Crappy visuals, yes, and some songs were more miss than hit, but overall it was ok enough.
Horrible, el que pens que esto era una buena idea estaba muy drogado.
This movie is for dancers, dance moms, dance students, anybody who loves dance.I think a few people said it wasn't a good movie and everybody jumped on the bandwagon.Some people critizise that they have human faces and hands, well they are human dressed as cats.I would not go see cats dancing and singing.I found the movie entertaining. If you enjoy dance recitals,Chistmas concerts, and talent shows you will like Cats.
If i could give a worst than rotten, i would. I can't understand if this is a kid's or an adults movie. If it's a kid's movie, parents should sue for this gore their children are being exposed to. If it is an adults movie, then why in the hell would an adult watch a furry movie? Get a life, watch the musical, is way better then this could ever have been.
I have no idea why everyone hates it. O thought it was great. The singing is great, it's funny in places, the dancing is great Not sure what else people expect from a musical. The settings are great too.
Excellent. Ignore the critics - it's a faithful stage adaptation and should be appreciated as such. View it with an open mind and you will love it.
I forgot to laugh when the movie wanted me to laugh... Also the CGI was bothersome... And creepy.
This film never should have been made.It worked on stage, not on screen.I thought it was awful.The best part of the whole thing was Jennifer Hudson singing "Memory."
The previews were the best part, that and Idris Alba in a cat suite
Makes me wonder who thought this movie was a good idea, and how people weny along with this crap.
I saw the movie cats yesterday, but to sum it up, i wish i never did.
I might be in the minority here, but i thought that this movie was thoroughly enjoyable. The musical parts were incredible and the acting was impeccable. Yes, the characters are weird and a tad sexual; the part where Old Deuteronomy (Judy Dench) lifts her leg up as a sign of applause exemplifies this... But that's kinda an accurate portrayal of the way that real cats behave. 5 stars.
I thought the music was great..the storyline not so much.... I saw the musical & never really cared for it. The people in the movie are all very talented but still didnt make up for theboredom throughout the movie....The main reason I went is because I am a CAT PERSON!In my opinion Jennifer Hudson stole the show as her portrayal of the old female cat!I gave it 3 stars only because of the music!
Contrary to the Internet's opinion, i loved cats. I loved the real fur/CGI which was highly controversial. I noticed some levitating heads, yes, and to see J Hud as a cockroach was hilarious! Cats will not be understood by everyone. Especially by those who dont like a. cats b. Musicals or c. Dame Dench. [Please understand her importance in the film adaptation.] Taylor's song was gorgeously paired with visuals of incredible world class dance talents. To those purporting whitewashing of Francesca Hayward, i cry bollux. She needed to be a silver tabby. I'm sorry, its a musical. The film was filled with beautiful brown cats!! I think she needed to stand out and everyone loves a silver tabby. 75% of my crew (me incl.) cried when J Hud hit THATD. I concede some fur along the sides of the faces might've reduced the "creepiness". I enjoyed seeing more of the performer faces and thought the fur was astounding. Reminder, this is a musical performance captured and enhanced by an apparently phenomenol production crew. Congrats, Tom Hooper & all involved except James Corden. While I loved Bustopher Jones and thought it was dutifully played by Corden, need I remind him he was hardly the star of the show. To unappreciate his mates by not seeing the film and crapping on it when asked about is abhorrent. Please watch a clip of Corden just praising the talents in this film only to flip faster than Spongebob on a hot grill turnt to 12 by some dweebs on the net. Just wow. James has joined my list of cancellations int 2020 along w some dear of his friends. Im going to see Cats again now. Bye!
As a theatre teacher who grew up with the original musical, I was sure it would be surreal and strange.But I was looking forward to the choreography and music at least.I was preparing to ignore bad effects.I couldn't.The CGI reshapes all the dancers' bodies and distorts them so much that they might as well be claymation.I can't appreciate all the work that went into these musical numbers when the effects team has blurred the lines between nightmare and reality. This looks like a cosmic joke brought on by the wrong kind of mushrooms.There truly are no rules anymore.It's worse than The Room, Rocky Horror, and Santa Claus vs. the Martians all crammed into a blender.If there existed an unedited version of the film with this talented and (mostly) well-chosen cast, with everyone just singing and dancing in a green screen rehearsal hall, I would love to see it.However, I would rather clean my cats' actual vomit out of my carpet than sit through this torture again.I don't know how to go on after seeing this.As the credits rolled, the stranger next to me in the theater turned to me and asked, "Are you gonna be ok?"No.I'm not. I think I need Jesus.
It was an nightmare .... and I saw it in French (worst)
It was a disaster, and I loved every minute of it. Rebel Wilson cat eats several cockroaches who are, like the cats, CGI humans. Jason Durelo cat almost starts sucking Victoria Cat's toes. Idris Elba cat wears a puffy coat and his presence makes the other cats look naked, but then he takes off his own coat at the end and becomes the most naked looking of them all. Also, he has magic. At the end, Judy Dench cat looks straight into the camera and starts speaking to the audience, and it put the fear of God in me. 100/10 would experience this hallucinatory nightmare again.
Tremendous talent in the cast, however the introduction of the characters took too long. The story was definitely TS Elliot style. Not a fan of the movie but definitely a lot of respect for the singing and dancing.
bad awful adaptation cats is better only in the stage
Best movie ever done,yes some scenes are strange but the music is fantastic and the story is very sometimes hard to follow but over still a good movie
I want to say sorry to Dark Phoenix for saying it was the worst film of the year.... it is now the second worst.......... CATS is just a awful film and a complete mess, nothing was good about it... ohh boy help me to unseen this film this doesn't have the respect of earring a 1 that's why its a 0.5, one of the worst films I've ever seen, just a very bad movie !!!1
Pay me and I will not watching this movie just cat- astrofic horrible
Not only did they down play the great rum tug tugger, but they bored us to death with the ghost cat naivety. The music was muted and the movement of the cats dull. Amazing cast, terrible adaptation, even the costumes were lame.
We loved the Movie. Even our 7 and 12 year old Grandkids Loved it.
SO glad I ignored all of the negative reviews and went to see for myself.This production was extremely well done and highly entertaining.Dancing was top notch, and I was mesmerized by the cat- like movements.Would highly recommend.
WTF?Don't waste your time.
Loved the costumes, Taylor and Jennifer!
This movie doesnt deserve the excessively harsh criticism it has received as there are some very talented performances in the movie.It does start off slow but then I got into the plot and suddenly the movie was over - so it held my attention.
This movie is beyond horrible. I HAVE seen the musical and know the story and songs. Its not a great musical but has some catchy tunes. The atrocious CGI ruins everything good from the stage musical and it would be better to close your eyes than to watch this mess. The costuming was a disastrous mess. Choreography was a mess. Go see the stage musical but forget this heap of trash. If you must see it, skip to the Taylor Swift entrance near the end, watch her song and Hudsons, and then nope the hell right out of the theater. Youre welcome. Worst move Ive ever seen, hands down. 
Did not like.Not powerful enough.
Costuming and choreography are awesome. But it doesnt compare to stage version. I enjoyed it but it didnt Wow me. 
Entertaining and majestic
I feel that Many did not like this movie as they went into it with no idea what it was about. however, if you had watched the stage show and understood the storyline, I believe that this movie was incredible! The cast, set, costume everything was amazing but the thing that made this movie was the music. All the songs were unbelievable and the new song beautiful ghosts' was indeed beautiful.
As a musical, the dancing & the singing is phenomenal. Cats, which is based off a T S Elliot story is meant to be taken metaphorically. It's a delightful musical.
CATS is not a show for everyone, and you have to have a certain appreciation for Broadway Musical productions with people ( or cats) breaking into song. The story, which is based on a poem, is a little hard to follow although, I think this production explains more than the original Broadway production. For audiences who have seen other productions, there is additional music written by Andrew Lloyd Webber for the movie.The sets were good and the costumes were great with twitching ears and cattails. It will probably be one of those movies that you like it, or you dislike it...with very few people in the middle.
Fun movie to watch with great singing! Victimized by snooty critics
Hey folks it was not that bad the singing was greatget over the cat ears and digitalized fur So many talented singers and the lead was fantastic I saw the broadway show with Betty Buckley so the movie for a ticket was worth seeing it and if you love talented artists go see it !
10/10, the biggest let down of any movie I've seen in a long time, and I wasn't even that hyped to see it in the first place. The animation is distracting and quite distributing, and seriously lacks any imagination. The characters fall flat and are almost emotionless. If the human anatomy wasn't disturbing enough, their movement and choreography really pulls you out of the story. All they really do is just flail themselves across the floor in a grotesque series of choreography and sing a few songs. Not even very well at some points.They tried to make it modern and hip with an all star cast, but nothing could save this flick, not even Jennifer Hudson or any of the cast who were made out to be giving their all time best performances. I was so bored the entire duration of the movie; it didn't capture my interest at any point in the entire film. Don't waste your money, time or sanity on this one. In fact, it's probably a much safer and better bet to just avoid it at all costs.
Director Tom Hooper did a masterful job of turning the musical Les Miserables into a marvelous movie. This time around, he's tackled one of the world's most popular shows and failed nobly. I've always thought this play was stupidly weird (what IS a jellicle cat?) and the music was too twee (with the exception of "Memory"). This screen version hasn't changed my opinions. As anyone who's seen a clip knows, it's downright creepy to see these actors digitally transformed into catlike bodies. To make matters worse, the dancing is often dumb, the sets aren't attractive and the staging lacks beauty or inventiveness. With the exception of Ian McKellen's touching "Gus: The Theatre Cat" and Jennifer Hudson's dramatic "Memory" there's nothing warm or wonderful about this laughable feline failure.
Just wasnt impressed
As bad as you thought it would be; worse than what you expect....
loved the entire rendition!the music the dancing & the flow of the plot
The actors and there music and singing.
Although some individual actors or musical performances were good, the film as a whole came off as disjointed and confusing.
The production was, in a fully feline way, sensational.If anything the CG added to the expressiveness with corresponding movement such as in the cats' ears and tails.I'm not a great fan of the Lloyd Webber music or the Elliot wording but the stylization, which was what made the film, was fantastic.
It's a beautiful monster. Great music, horrific cgi. Everyone involved should have their head examined. I loved it but I'm weird.
I LOVED IT! Beginning to end, it was fantastic. Im a huge Cats fan, and it definitely lived up to my expectations. The actors, sets, choreography were all spot on. So much talent in one place! Dont listen to the critics. Go and make up your own mind.
Very hard to follow and very strange. Mid-movie we had to leave, along with several other couples. Would not recommend.
It is understandable that some audience members are uninformed enough to expose their ignorance in a trolling negative review (this is not a childrens movie, do your homework), but it is inexcusable that anyone touting themselves a professional critic would pan something they quite obviously do not understand. If you do not like or understand theater, the dance, literary poetry or the marvelous individuality of cats, go back to reviewing Fast & Furious movies and leave those things to educated people. Ignorant people seem to think witty negativity makes them appear intelligent. Well, it doesnt. Having seen Cats 5 times on stage, my best Christmas for years was spent reliving the joy this work brought me. Five Stars!!!
Strange. Music was strange, the graphics were strange, everything was strange. Neither my daughter nor I could understand half of what they were saying (singing). The best scene was when they were on the railroad tracks, and my daughter pointed out later how out of proportion they were!!Just strange.Oh well, I got to eat theater popcorn.
"Cats" was a really well done for the big screen. Star-studded cast with stand outs being ballerina Francesca Hayward, Judi Dench, and Jennifer Hudson. Critics of the movie clearly never saw or don't understand Cats. The reviews that critique the plot or the story are frankly bizarre. It was a really good adoption and true to the play. (These same critics would be moaning if the story strayed from the original.) At best, T.S Eliot a bit hard to follow - its poetry adapted to the stage. Seeing it on the big screen does make it easier to understand context of the scenes. If you take kids, make sure they have a sense of the story in advance. Francesca Hayward's dancing, acting and singing was quite spectacular as Victoria!Captivating the entire movie to watch her. Her singing debut in the new song added to the original score "Beautiful Ghosts" (composed by Taylor Swift and Andrew Lloyd Weber) is an easy Grammy song choice nominee.
Horrible adaptation on the big screen, but I give credit to people working hard to develop the characters and making it happen. Can't quite say it's that technically impressive though when they forgot to edit out Judi Dench's hand
Plot was thin, hard to follow. Some of the songs were beautiful, catchy. I love musicals but was like warm about this one.
I thoroughly enjoyed the movie depiction of this iconic play.It was very creative and made me feel like I was amongst the talented felines.The choreography, from walking to dancing, was magnificent! I enjoyed the original songs, however felt that some of the deviations took away from the original magic of the scene.I ABSOLUTELYHATED JASON DURULO AS RUM TUM TUGGER!He was too soft and unnecessarily "hip" and it was so annoying.He destroyed his solo and perhaps if he toned it down a bit and sang it like the original he would have been better, but he sucked major!Worst part of the movie!Jennifer Hudson did a FANTASTIC job as Grizabella the Glamour Cat!I felt every scene she was in and of course she killed every song!She was #PERFECT!Taylor Swift was GREAT as well!I just didn't understand the shoes she had on.Bad wardrobe choice lol!But she sound FABULOUS!Francesca Hayward was a PERFECT Victoria! She was elegant and outstanding! The rest of the cast did a marvelous job and I would definitely go see it again.Would like to fast forward past Jason's part but other than that would watch it and sing along all over again!
The singing and dancing was amazing but to enjoy the dancing you had to get pass the weird graphics that werent realistic. It picked up in the middle to the end. At this point there was an understandable plot. I love musicals however this probably will be the worse I ever seen.
I knew the movie was bad and went for a laugh and it wasnt even worth it. Dont do it.
Waste of time - creepy, weird, not worth your time.
walked out of a cinema after 30 minutes of too much singing and no story plot or horrible climax? #saveyourmoney
I saw Cats on Broadway when I was about 6. My parents probably wished they hadnt taken me because for the remainder of the time we lived a train's ride away from NYC, my sister and I badgered them to take us constantly and we saw it several more times over the years. We would then get home and proceeded to play dress-up in grandma's old costume furs while dancing and singing around the living room singing "Skimbleshanks" while my dad tried in vain to get some peace and quiet.This movie was a fantastic nostalgia trip that brings me back to those magical times. The sets, dancing, and singing was wonderful. The Skimbleshanks' number was the highlight for me; the incredible tap-dancing on the train rails with London in the backdrop was absolutely showstopping. Taylor Swift's bit was definitely a highlight, Rum Tum Tugger was funny, Judi Dench was good as Deuteronomy (but cannot sing), Jennifer Hudson was the perfect Grizabella and her rendition of "Memory" was hauntingly beautiful. Mistofelees wasn't portrayed as he is in the musical which threw me off, but I am glad he got a lot of screen time because he was always my favorite cat (he twirls down from the ceiling in a jacket made of lights - it was Broadway magic) I didn't really like Rebel Wilson's bit as I think it felt like they were trying to force the humor too much, but it was still ok. The sets were great, the story was well-adapted to screen though "story" is a loosely-used term here - the "story" of the musical basically consists of cats singing about themselves for two hours so they did what they could.The best CGI touches were the small things - the ways their ears and tails twitched. Much criticism has been hurled at the rest of the CGI that is mostly correct, but it didn't bother me as much as it seemed to have bothered some people. I don't understand why they didn't just use lycra and makeup like the original and save themselves a bunch of money. But the big thing for me was how they always seemed to be way too big or small in relation to their environment. That threw me off and made the whole thing look disjointed.In the end, nostalgia and remembering how I felt sitting in the Winter Garden Theater as a kid watching pure Broadway magic unfold trumped all of the negatives. Absolutely nothing could ruin this movie for me, and the fact that it was very faithful to the musical even more so. In fact I will probably see it four or five times more for that nostalgia high, without a care in the world for what the critics think.PS I can't imagine anyone who hasn't seen the musical would enjoy the movie one bit, but I don't think anyone could *not* find Ian McKellen acting like a cat fascinatingly surreal. HOOO boy, what a treat. 10/10
Stupidest movie EVER IT WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY
Es una pelcula para aquellos que aman a los gatos y los musicales. Ame a Jennifer Hudson.
As a Cats the stage musical fan, the movie lived up to my expectations. The music and singing is phenomenal (although not a Taylor Swift fan #sorrydonthateme). I enjoyed Jason Derulo's take on Rum Tum Tugger and Rebel Wilson and James Corden were good comedic value. The standout performance for me was Steven McCrae as Skimbleshanks and Francesca Hayward as Victoria. The only con for me was the CGI was completely overdone to the point the realism and athleticism of the dancing was almost lost. If you're not a musical fan then this movie is not for you. Having performed in this musical when younger I absolutely loved it, however the three family members I went with didn't enjoy it.
If you have never seen the Broadway show or do not know what you are in for, this movie will not be for you. But if you are a fan of Cats, enjoy!The music and visuals are amazing.
Great singing and dancing. Boring storyline.
Good movie!!I only knew the music from CATS!Seeing it in a movie was good, because you miss more when on stage!I would like to see again!!Movie much less expensive than broadway play!
I am a theater lover and despite the bad reviews I went to see Cats I had free tickets how bad can it be? Well CATastrophically a waste of a time, Jennifer Hudson has an amazing voice and sings beautiful but her rendition of Memories is not as touching and beautiful as Betty Buckleys. I was tempted to walk out of the theater but forced my self to stay, soon this movie will be a memory too.
First of all, yes, the movie has made big mistakes like the ever-changing proportions or the missing fur on the feet and hands. I'm a student in computer graphics and quite familiar with the concept of the Uncanny Valley, and yes, for many, that movie falls straight into it. Not for me, though, I was only confused in the first minute and then simply accepted them as humans in a costume like in the musical.But I want to take the time here to point out what the movie did well and why I give it a score of "awesome": It is a great homage to one of the best musicals of all time.In the musical, it is sometimes hard to follow the big picture of the story, but this movie manages to guide us through the story of the Jellicle Choice even better than the musical. The characters are so well defined, diverse and deep, their motivations are perfectly clear. For example, the inner struggles and uncertainty of Mr. Mistoffelees add so much to the story, whereas the rescue of Old Deuteronomy always feels like a deus ex machina-moment in the musical.Lastly, I loved the choreography and -- related to the CGI -- how the animation of the tails and ears helped to convey the feelings of the cats.Maybe this review drowns in all the negative posts, but I wanted to voice at least one positive opinion about this movie.
Took my 10 and 12 year old daughters to see Cats.12 year old muttered "its creepy" before falling asleep and 10 year old asked "do you know what's going on mummy?"The olderdaughter I was jealous of and the other I failed as a mother as,no, I didn't know what was going on.The effects held my attention for all of 10 monies but once I had my"ooh fur!" moment, I found it long, dull and full of nonsense.I did enjoy memories but not the amount of snot.
Loved the movie from the very first note!!I really cannot grasp why the critics have been so harsh to this amazingly creative piece of work.The only reason I can fathom is that the movie is so extremely creative it flies completely over their small little heads.How rude to give Cats such a low rating when I have seen movies that are actually terrible and received a much higher Rotten Tomato rating.Seriously, either these critics have absolutely no respect for pushing the envelope of creativity or they are terribly unread and uneducated. I suspect all of the above.I highly recommend they actually read T. S. Eliot's "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" in order to understand the brilliance of the Nobel Laureate.Art is to push the boundaries of creativity.RESPECT the cat no matter what the form!Oh, please also expand your horizons and acknowledge the amazing cast and their talent!The dancing was beyond incredible and Jennifer Hudson's rendition of "Memory" immediately brought me to tears.Furthermore, it is a shame that the collaboration of Taylor Swift and Sir Andrew Lloyd Weber in "Beautiful Ghosts" can no longer be considered for an Oscar.The critics of this film COMPLETELY missed the boat.
I have recommended everyone see this film. It's much safer than autoerotic asphyxiation or hard drugs but with the same "maybe I'll die, maybe I'll be born anew and glorious" feeling. I'm still not sure that this film had a plot, and I know the characters will haunt me forever, but I genuinely enjoyed every second. Time isn't real while viewing Cats - a minute is an eternity, and an eternity is a minute. My husband and I are wondering how many times you can safely view Cats before losing hold of reality altogether. My guess is twice; he thinks he could handle a third. Either way, I'm sure we'll be watching this movie again sometime soon.
Despite the narrow negative reviews this is a GREAT movie. I saw the original CATS on broadway years ago. That was perfection. I think that people expected a movie to equal or rise above perfection. Instead this is not an attempt to rubber stamp the original but rather to juxtapose it in a different light and it does so splendidly. The music, the dancing and the spectacle are all there - just not an extract copy of the original play. Ignore the poor reviews and go see it for yourself - as something new and creative as opposed to trying to match the perfection that was the original play.
I wanted to hate on it, I even thought about going to the "rowdy" screening, but couldn't get tickets. So I went to a regular screening...it wasn't half bad. I think people who are hating on it are jumping on the band wagon a bit. The music was good, the performances by Jason Derulo and Taylor Swift were good for pop stars (not great but not bad either); Judi Dench was great, Ian McLellan was GREAT, Idris was entertaining, Rebel and James were subpar for me, they felt gimmicky. The rest of the cast was great...however as a whole it does not transfer to live action very well. Also the edit could have been tighter and adapted to be more film like. but to the haters, I'd challenge who has seen the stage version....and liked it.It might have been better as an animation.
Yikes........ my question is how much did these big, established, and decorated actors and actresses get paid to be a part of this catastrophe, cuz apparently everyone has a price
Today I went with my mother to the cinema to see Cats and I can say that I liked the movie, it will not be the best in CGI but it is very cool at the time of dancing and singing. I can say that for people who are not a fan of musicals or plays if they will be heavy because they spend their time singing. That if I can say that Taylor's number is one of the best in the movie. But personally I do not consider Cats to be a bad movie, because if there are moments in the movies that are very beautiful and memorable, but my opinion is good and everyone has an opinion.
Honestly if you've never seen or heard of the Broadway play, its really confusing. That doesn't mean its bad, I actually quite enjoyed it.
Music, Dancing, Singing is wonderful!!The costumes are excellent and the scenery is true to the words that T. S. Eliot wrote.If you have ever owned a cat, you will recognize behaviors and personalities presented in the very entertaining musical.
My wife, brother, and I all enjoyed the show.The cats, as analogies for us humans, did a great job of portraying the angst, the dreams of us all.We enjoyed the interpretation.
Truly loved it best movie of the decade worth the money 100%!
I think I needed something stronger for this movie, although I'm not even sure ayahuasca would have been enough to understand WTF was going on. I think the film was best summed up when my movie companion (who knew nothing about the musical) leaned over to me about a third of the way through, and asked what exactly it was all supposed to be about. I whispered that it was the eternal question of "Cats": what is it about and why does it even exist? The movie wasn't exactly terrible, but it was weird and discombobulating and creepy.It then brings us back to the greatest unanswered question in musical theatre history: why was "Cats" so popular as a musical? The music isn't that great, with no story to speak of, so I think many people's fondness for the show is as much misty water-colored moments of nostalgia as it is praise for the show. It's just not objectively a great show, and what was novel (and a creepy) on stage becomes frightening rendered on the big screen. If you want to see for yourself, pop a few fistfuls of whatever you've got lying around and have a whirl. My head is still spinning from the experience. I hope I'm not scarred for life.
It's a Broadway musical on film...those expecting something else should see another movie. It was marvelous!
Was a very well written movie. I like how it gave more information about certain cats. I would have liked to have seen more of Taylor Swift. Jennifer Hudson played three part ofGrizabella the glamor cat. She sang the song Memories perfectly.
Im not sure what people were expecting when going to see this movie, it didnt deviate much from the theater production. I felt the film adaptation was beautiful and well put together. It was full of talent and I almost cried at the end (Jenifer Hudsons voice truly is a gift to this world). I would watch it again. For those unfamiliar with Cats watch the theater production (its available on a couple different platforms) and if you can sit through that you will appreciate the film.
This is a fantastic version of Cats for all lovers of broadway shows.Adds so much to the original and is a new family favorite.
Horrible movie......DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME........
Awesome, brilliant staging of the musical. No, I watched the same film guys!Ian McKellan was sublime as Gus, Judi Dench carried all before her as Deuteronomy.Rebel Wilson was perfect as Jennyanydots. Ray Winstone just being himself.Amazing dance sequences starring Francesca Hayward, where she does. I think, three solos.CGI effects are all subtle, giving detail and life to the catty side of the cast.The only let-down is Taylor Swift. Hummmmmm. So, cannot see what all the fuss is.Go, see the film, enjoy1
I've seen too much... 
This was the best movie I've ever seen
enjoyed it some but I saw the Broadway show first. enjoyed Jennifer Hudson singing and acting.
The movie was so beautiful, performance was amazing, and some parts were funny! I loved it overall! Very sad thing is that I saw some people who were there only to make fun of the movie, probably after reading the bad reviews online or something..They were laughing for no reason at some beautiful scenes or serious scenes or moving scenes.CATS is known for complicated and difficult story but if you study the story in advance, it's easy to follow. Especially the movie one. Those people who left negative reviews here just don't know what's going on or have never seen the musical, so they didn't understand. But that does not mean it's ok to disrespect the movie. You should not be easily affected by the negative reviews while the movie is actually beautiful. I feel sorry for those actors and production team. Just read about CATS story on Wikipedia or something before going to the movie so you can enjoy 100%!
I loved it. I have seen Cats live on stage and watching the movie was just as thrilling. Brovo.
Creepy visuals....terrible plot
Forget all the horrible reviews this movies is fantastic. Casting of the truly talented singers and dancers was a breath of fresh air. This stuck true to form of T.S. Eliot's magical words and Andrew Lloyd Webber's captivating music. Anyone who appreciates good theater, beautiful dancers, striking choreography and breathtaking vocals will love it.Taylor swift was the only weak link, but she will learn. Wonderful movie all around!
I took a fat edible before this movie and proceeded to have a mind-melting experience. After 2 drug fueled hours of horny cats, I dont think my brain will ever be the same.
Beautiful dancing and wonderful vocals in this TS Elliot stage adaptation. Another Andrew Lloyd Weber sing-a-long. The feline method acting was fun for any cat lover to recognize their own pet. I plan to see it again!
Cats was weirdly good, it was my first time seeing cats and the plot wasn't even that hard to follow. It was worth seeing it
I confess that I went to see cats in a prejudiced sense, obviously motivated to the innumerable criticisms that in a "destructive" way, are evidently inciting, to try to tear down one of the most beautifully accomplished films of recent times.As a spectator, this situation today leads me to understand in a definitive way that most of the comments made by "scholars" of film criticism are nothing more than groups of mostly complicated words that they write, with the usual rhetoric , only with the idea that the world sees them as beings outside this world, gods or authorities with sufficient right or to destroy or exalt some movie, right, that from this moment, I as a spectator took them completely for me.Today I went to see, "Cats", and I confess I went through many prejudices, which originated when I started reading articles about the trailers and about the premiere of the film as such. I had my reservations, but I had to watch the movie. As he progressed, an extraordinary cluster of emotions began to wake up. What I had in my mind molded and built by critics was fortunately dissolving, which made me understand that most of the criticisms that destroy the film are either unfounded, or respond to unhealthy and truly manipulated criteria. Fortunately, after seeing the wonder I had before my eyes, it led me to understand that I would never be carried away by a critic to watch a movie.The critics speak of technical factors, which leads me to think that possibly today's film critics (I mean exclusively those who try to destroy "Cats") then are robots, which of course lack any feelings or emotions.None of those critics talk about the movie inside the movie. Nobody talks about the moral factors that are present in every moment of the film. Nobody comments on friendship, on solidarity, on the invitation to a better world, and although it sounds magical, and even if it is a utopia of the real world of humans, it becomes an indisputably extraordinary metaphor, which we need so much in the world. Nor do the critics mention the gestures, looks and of course concepts that are behind the moral values, for example, of Victoria's face when she is wrapped in jewels that were stolen from the huge house, the face of the other cats that look at her with suspicion and suspicion, giving us to understand that it is obvious that what he did was not right, nor do they talk about the emotional choices that occur between the characters. Compassion, solidarity, understanding, the extraordinary formula of discovering that the most beautiful emotions can come to light at times like these, the discovery that happens within the viewer when an emotional identification invades it. There is no comment about that personal way that the Mirror Serve film has before people, who marvel at being carried away by what happens and the sticky music, which remains in your mind several hours after leaving the room. No one of these critics speaks of the reflection that occurs within you when you look like a group of cats do not seek wars, conflicts, or use weapons, bombs, or murders. They are cats that want to sing and dance. What could the world be like if humans had any, even if any of these premises?"Cats" are a delicious walk, but also blunt, about the internal emotions that human beings have in the face of vicissitudes and needs. That is why "Macavity", although it could be the villain cat, is nothing more than an emotion that human beings also have, the need to transcend to another space, for many far from a world full of violence and confusion, a world from which we want to escape, and that we seek at all costs to leave behind. Perhaps this is why this "villain" not only becomes indispensable, but shows us that to achieve our goals in life, values such as honesty, work, and of course healthy competition, are factors that always that will give the human being all the tools he needs to achieve his goals. This character drives to see the competition of the human as something necessary, and at the same time allows to teach a lesson on how to do it, without having to snatch from anyone the same right that all human beings have. Macavity shows that despite the "Power" not everyone can have the necessary honesty.Grizabella and Victoria are two unambiguous mirrors about the consequences of making decisions, apparently wrong. Victoria was what Grizabella was in the past, a beautiful cat full of innocence. It is not necessary for the spoiled cat to talk a lot about her past life to see this. And Victoria, boosted by compassion and curiosity, also sees in Grizabella what she could be in the future if she lets herself be clothed in the wrong way. The fusion between these two characters shows the beauty that exists in the world when we understand and understand our fellow men. I still can't understand how the "critics" didn't see this that in a blunt and beautifully represented way, we were offered so bold and decisive.Critics also did not see that the plot is always, I repeat, is always present. How can you say, that this is a story without plot, when it is revealed from the beginning, and at all times it becomes a wonderful accomplice for the viewer, that although he may know the show, the surprise at what he sees is Does it forget?One of the most significantly important moments of this film is the magical game that Mr. Mistoffelees has when trying to return to Mother Cat. How is it that critics did not talk about "FAITH", and how it was treated by this work? Solidarity, friendship and of course the trust that people in this world have before our friends, are one of the most important formulas that we keep in our lives every day, and that make us believe in people and in life. The confidence that cats have in the magician reflects this beautifully. Many times human beings need a fundamental basis that helps them move on with life, and this concept is evident in this scene. This shows us that we are all somehow indispensable beings in the lives of the people around us, just as they are for us. The magic that emerges from this character is given more by what he discovers within his ability, and that is, not the return of the old cat, but the personal discovery of believing in himself. I insist, is the technical error more important than this extraordinary emotional aspect?All critics were shocked when they saw mice and cockroaches with human faces. For many this was abominable, a horror, and somewhat vomitive. But many of these praised as in another film the protagonist shoots the face of a television presenter, missing only a realistic aspect for a drop of blood to fall on the spectators. The viewer was not notified about the most repulsive gesture of violence, and of course most feared by human beings, the end of a life and that way. The shield that these critics absurdly present, is that it is an adult film, whose decision to see it depends exclusively on each one, however, apparently they know perfectly well that when criticism dominates public opinion, it becomes a luck of manipulation, and many, despite being adults, went to see that movie understanding what could happen, however there are actions are reflected in the subconscious, and that cause terror. Criticism was benevolent, and despite such extreme violence, he encouraged this film to be seen. For them this situation was praiseworthy, and of course they cataloged the actions of an assassin as extraordinary, but some cats with human faces, or mice and cockroaches that are dancing and being part of a surreal situation, are abominable, embarrassing, and criticizable. It is here that you ask yourself, what kind of critics are those who have the right to be able to express an opinion about a movie?Cats, in general it is a delicious, deep, very deep game. Perhaps for many viewers, the strange thing about the film is that it often reminds you of the hidden emotions that, when they come out, cause strangeness and bewilderment. In this sense it is significantly relevant that a film that shows you the positive aspects that human beings have, turns out to be one of the most criticized and destroyed films by opinion systems that long ago ceased to have human aspects and focused on technicalities. Who is then abominable? It is strange to see how violence, but above all that which is hidden behind the scenes is evidently shown behind sufficiently biased opinions that do not reflect the true reality we have in the world. Now we do not criticize the semiotic aspects of a film, now we are not going towards positive or negative messages, nor manipulative tendencies or full of messages that incite well-being and peace, now when a film speaks to us of union, friendship, fraternity and faith, we look for ways to destroy it, accuse it, defame it, manipulate it but, above all, eliminate it."Cats" is a film to break it down little by little, to analyze in the comfort of a conversation with friends in a cafe, or in a cinema class, fundamentally from the point of view of what she wakes up inside you that makes you leave the room satisfied and as an indescribable feeling of well-being. Perhaps for critics it does not mean much, the important thing is that their opinion, at least in my person, ceased to have an effect, which means that fortunately I got rid of the chains of unhealthy opinions and of course skewed the famous "turn opinion makers", who will obviously continue issuing their "right" prejudices and always negative comments. Perhaps deep down they are worse than Macavity, at least this one sought to go to a better heaven, it is clear that critics not only seek attention, but obviously seek to destroy with their words and what they can never ever achieve.My opinion, NO critics of cats is summarized in:"Cats" is an awakening that reminds you that within each human live wonderful and rewarding emotions, that when you recognize them within you they show you that we can have a better world.The "Horror" that critics perceive in "Cats" is that they realize that a group of animals have better and wonderful feelings ... something that ... obviously they don't have. For them, good emotions are "creepy."
Just loved it. Dancing superb. Characters & story excellent. Enjoyed more than the stage show.
Jennifer Hudson is amazing 
We saw the patched version so I can't speak to what it was before, but the film I saw was great. It had more of a story line than the the original play which may appeal to newbies. Just know that you are seeing a collection of poems about cats and you won't be disappointed. The film doesn't deserve the criticism it has received.
Loved the soundtrack and the acting. I enjoyed it better. than the play
Hands down the most fun I've had watching a garbage fire. You'll leave this movie saying, Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good.
Cats is a spectacular production with an abundance of talent in both si going and dancing. Loved it!!!!
I came into this film more out of curiosity than anything. I had heard so many negative reviews of the film and didn't have high hopes. I love the Original London and Broadway cast albums but was a tad bored when I saw a touring production a few years ago. Anyway, I was surprised and very impressed with the film. It was glorious and (mostly) tasteful. The CGI surprisingly did not feel overdone and I could forgive some poor singing because overall the performances were effective and fun.
This movie sucked. It was piecemealed together with nonsense lines that rhymed to form a storyline that was impossible to follow, and harder to swallow. The main attractions Taylor Swift and Jason Derulo were shoved into this movie just for draw and their parts should have been eliminated to prevent further embarrassment. Adding magic, Idris Elba and Jennifer Hudson to the story appeared only to benefit the need to include diversity since they turned a black woman into a completely white cat. Overall the movie jumped around so much, it literally was nonsensical, but very whimsical. The movie itself was horrid, but the highlight was James Corden and Rebel wilson were the only amazing additions. The costumes were amazing and so were the graphics, but the movie deserves 2 thumbs down and a fart!
We have seen several Broadway and London adaptations, so we know Cats.The movie is different but carries the Cats name with distinction.The vocals are very good - Jennifer Hudson is Great.The dancing is excellent - strong ballet influence.The costumes took a little getting used to, but it was good.Strongly recommend seeing this movie.
This is hunting in all the bad ways, i have always loved musicals but at the end of this movie i was wonder if i liked being alive.
The makeup was awesome!! It wasn't Broadway but the singing was fantastic!!
Music great. Story pretty boring
Loved the sets. The music was great and so was the choreography. I know that it hasnt gotten the best reviews but I thought it was very good
Dance performances were not what I was expecting
I gave it half a star because I cant give it 0. The movie should be illegal. The plot is utter nonsense and the uncanny valley effect did not help with the digestion of this acid trip. The audio mixing wasnt great either and some of the actors did not have the voice for their roles. Honestly, if you already liked the production by some miracle, then youll probably love it. However, if you dont already enjoy Andrew Lloyd Webbers style of story telling, you should AVOID AT ALL COST.
Not at all like the NY Broadway show.Disappointing. Taylor Swift had a very minimal role.Dont waste your money!
Really well done, good acting
Much better than the reviews we've read. We found the movie version of Cats to be beautifully performed and the telling to be faithful to TS Elliot, perhaps even more than the Broadway play.
The movie was horrible. It was hard to follow along with and the singing was terrible.
Liked everything.The singing and dancing and the entire cast.Hudson was awesome.
My husband and I are big fans of the play and music. We thoroughly enjoyed this movie in spite of what the critics said. Especially loved Jennifer Hudson, Rebel Wilson & James Corden! The cats were anazing!
If youve seen the Broadway show, youll love the movie!More sets, more magic, more of everything Jellical!
The dancing was beautiful. The plot was terrible...and the songs were not rememberable
It was so bad that it was entertaining. The movie is absolutely horrible, there is no sugarcoating it. The plot was weak, as was the character development and villain. The choreography was good, but the acting as cats was not. In the absolute hell and chaos, one may be able to find enjoyment in the utter crap. My whole theatre was laughing, and I was right there with them.
Worst movie Ive ever seen. Painful. :-(
Not having seen the play, I quite enjoyed the movie. Loved the costumes, the dancing and the singing. My favorite part was the tap dance. This was obviously a massive undertaking of a project. Made me want to see how the movie was made.
Literally the best thing I've ever seen.
So wanted to walk outBoring
not worth to watch, also scary
I was not a fan of this movie. I left within 30 min.
I'm embarrassed to tell you all I loved it.
Bunch of floating cats.The CG was rendered slow on head turns.Judi Dench hands were her owns and you could see her wedding band.But over all it was confusing and hard to keep up with but Ian McGregors part was great.I did love all the singing and dancing but I watched the original version and thought they could have held off a week to give us all a finished product.
Dont spend your money to see this movie. I hope the studio that made it goes in debt with this film.
I made this account just to give this thing a rating. I love this movie. I'm obsessed with it. I saw it once and I hated it. But the more I thought about it the more I couldn't get it out of my head. It's ruined my life, it's all I can think about. I saw it again tonight and I think I'd gladly see it eightmore times. Jennifer Hudson singing Memory is ingrained in my brain and I wouldn't want it any other way. Please see this movie. Even if you end up hating it you will still have had a great time watching it. It's fun, it's whimsical, the sets and singing and choreography are beautiful once you get past the bad cat cgi. I love it dearly.
I was so excited to see "Knives Out" that I hired a babysitter for the first time in years! I was very impressed by the promise of the ensemble cast.I found myself drawn to the concept of a large family gathering centered around the old, wise, leader and the inevitable discussions of life and death.I was not, however, prepared for all the naked, horny cats.After a few minutes I realized I had been duped by my husband into seeing quite another film altogether.The singing and dancing was pretty decent, but it was certainly no "Knives Out."Dame Judi Dench can do no wrong in my eyes, but her human hand-paw was distracting.Idris Elba is normally talented eye candy, but his half-naked cat costume is the stuff of nightmares.Everyone seems to be slagging off Rebel Wilson's role/performance, but, frankly, it was quite entertaining, like watching a car wreck where people are horribly mangled, the wreckage is unfathomable, yet everyone survives and makes a full recovery - a voyeuristic smorgasbord!Best: everything Ian McKellan does as Mr. McCavity. Worst: Jennifer Hudson's weepy portrayal of that old-arse cat. I didn't think anyone could ruin a tearjerker like the song "Memory" yet, here we are. Is it the worst movie of the year? Possibly. With a look-see at least for laughs?Definitely.Wait for home release?Naw! Go see it in all its bawdy, feline glory.Oh! Other Best: the creators had the common sense to omit cat buttholes from digital fur technology!
cats is interesting and neat. wish it were bunnies though so i have to take half a star away. N E ways very a very unique film. But. The cgi. eye- is ok tho
I liked all of the movie, but I have seen the play 3 times and knew what to expect.Choreography was great.
BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN. DIDNT UNDERSTAND MOST OF IT BUT THATS OK. LOVED JUDY DENCH AMD TAY TAY. WAS CONFUSED ABOUT WHO MAIN CHARACTER WAS. WARNING: BETTER WITH ALCOHOL. ALSO LIKED GIZABELL. DEFINITELY A MUST SEE THOUGH.
Poorly executed and very creepy! 
I like the costumes and I liked Victoria and Old Deuteronomy. It seem that some part were missing. I got tired of McCavity. Jennifer Hudson leaved something to be desired. I've seen much better performances of "Memory" and I didn't like seeing her nose running. I also could have done without McCavity trying to go with her.
This really was the worst movie I have ever seen.I sat for two hours with a look of horror on my face.
Looks terrifying. Technology is out to get us!
I liked it.But Ive seen the stage production and am familiar with the music and story, so I knew what was coming.If you know the show and can suspend belief that people can sing and dance in a gender neutral cat costume, while also getting over the fact that the set is not to scale and that the cats can tap dance, you will enjoy it. Jennifer Hudsons Memory was not overacted like I had prepared myself to watch after reading reviews.The snot running out of her nose was a little distracting...but thats her thing, I think it also happened in Dreamgirls.Another bad review said that Idris Elba cant sing so thats why Taylor Swift sang his song, no no...Macavity doesnt sing that song. Judi Dench and Ian McKellen were wonderfully heartwarming. Didnt care for Rebel Wilson.
OH GOD. This movie was so bad. Its not even something that you could enjoy ironically. My friends and I went to go see it for the laugh, but it was so unbearable that we left about 45 minutes in. Ive never seen the original musical, so I didnt know what to expect, but I definitely didnt imagine it to be 2hrs of cringey introductions to characters. The story telling and character development are horrid, but not nearly as bad as the tonal mess of music. All of the characters are poorly designed and an absolute torture to look at. Rebel Wilson and Jason Derulos taints were the beat looking parts of the film. If I never saw this movie again, it would be too soon. 
Only time Ive ever left a movie. We were only 20 minutes in! I think Im scarred for life with possible PTSD. Would not go to this movie for free.
Vastly underrated by critics.
I just came from CATS .... watched with my tween granddaughters.We gave it three thumbs up!The dancing was awesome, the songs were wonderful.I'm surprised that the critics were so negative?We were familiar with the stage musical and TSElliott poetry, and this movie definitely added a new dimension.It was lovely!We've added the soundtrack to our iTunes library.Fun and enjoyable .... a real treat this holiday season!If you've got young dancers in the family, it's a must see!
The only good song was Victorias solos after memories every song is underplayed and off rhythm compared to the stage musical
A dumpster fire is more entertaining.
It was delightfully entertaining...a musical with great singing and dancing, whats not to love?Would see it again, and I havent felt that way about a movie recently
We loved Cats in London stagetheatre and we also enjoyed themovie in Reno.
How do you give 0 stars?
it wasn't that good. I'm sure the play was little better
I didnt sleep the whole time???
Choreography was outstanding as was the singing. Just dench was remarkable as was Jennifer Hudson.To My own fault... the anticipation of Taylor Swift ruined the wait and she was a bit disappointing
The most boring, ugly, horrifying fever dream i have ever expirenced
So, I'm going to start this off by saying that I'm actually a huge fan of the original musical. I get the songs stuck in my head constantly. My personal favorite rendition is the 1998 direct-to-video adaptation. When I first saw the trailer, I was terrified. I saw that they were adding a speaking plot, and I immediately knew there were going to be a lot of changes. I was prepared, though, because the original musical would be very hard to sell to general audiences. Hell, Cats is hardly a musical for people that like musicals. Cats us a beast of its own kind. A lot of changes would have to be made if this were going to do well at all in the box office. So, I promised myself that I would go into it with an open mind.My mom asked me a couple months later if I would go with her to see it. Now, as most of you die-hards would know, seeing Cats with your mother is a very dangerous gamble. Either she'll understand what's going on in That Scene, or she won't. But either way, you'll be uncomfortable the whole time. I didn't know if they were going to include the scene or not. I was hoping so because I would love to see the reactions, but also praying that it would be cut because Jesus Christ I'm seeing it with my mother. I agreed, though, because I knew I was contractually obligated to see this damn thing and if my mom took me I wouldn't have to spend my own money on the ticket. So, the release happens, a few days go by, and then my mom and I walk into an empty theater on the morning of Christmas Eve.It was certainly a spectacle of a film. Everything was super vibrant and flashy. I absolutely adored the giant sets. I honestly think it's incredible that they actually built giant sets so the actors would look effectively cat-sized. They looked a little too small, but then again, Jellicle cats are rather small. Also, my sense of cat size is warped because my own cat, Comet, is absolutely massive. But I digress.Aside from the set design and the flashy palette, though, one thing really bothered me visually. And it will surprise no one. I really, really didn't like the cats themselves. Design-wise, fine, they're alright. Their faces are a little creepy but it's not that bad. Add a little more cheek fluff and you're good. However, there's a specific reason I didn't like that they did CGI fur rather than practical costumes. It cheapened the dancing.The moment you slap something CGI onto something real, it makes the real thing look like it's CGI. That's just unavoidable. During the whole movie, I couldn't really get over the fact that they looked CGI because it made the dancing look like it was computer-animated rather than real people actually dancing. Which sucks, because when you look past the gross look of their digital fur, the choreography and the dancers were incredible. (Although I do wish it was a bit more feline. The original musical's choreography wasn't as complex or impressive, but it really got the message across that they're cats, and not just human dancers with cat features.) It's really a shame. If they had been in practical costumes, they would have looked like much better dancers. Creating practical costumes would have also added a bonus of getting to create interesting, modern reimaginings of the old 80's fluffy wigs and legwarmers.Now, on to the story and characters. Some changes I liked, some I was fine with, and some I didn't like one bit. I think it would be easiest to share all of my thoughts by going down the list of musical numbers and sharing my thoughts on each one, with some digressions to talk about other related things. I don't think I need to say this, but many spoilers lie ahead. I'm going to mostly assume that you, the reader, have at least a basic knowledge of the original plot and characters of Cats, but I'll fill in crucial details here and there as needed. Here we go.When the movie opens, we're treated to a fresh new story for one of the main chorus cats, Victoria. In this film, she's an abandoned cat dropped off at the dump in a canvas bag. I immediately knew she'd be our main character. I found the decision to make her a newcomer to be a pretty smart one. Victoria became the audience stand-in, since the movie is assuming you're going into this having never seen Cats.Jellicle Songs for Jellicle Cats was a banger. Can't deny that. It was fun and upbeat, and the choreography was great. I loved the junkyard set, too. Plus, through the speaking plot, they gave The Naming of Cats a little more justification. Honestly, I think the entire speaking plot was just a huge justification for the songs for people that can't connect the dots between them. But whatever. Anyways. Macavity also appears in this scene, but I'm going to get to him later.I wish they kept Victoria's solo dance you know, a solo. The dance with Munkustrap was lovely, but I wish Victoria got to keep it. This is due to my own personal bias of that dance being my favorite, though.Now, The Invitation to the Jellicle Ball brings me to a character that changed a lot. Mr. Mistoffelees. They say, in his song, that he is vague and aloof. There was nothing vague nor aloof about this Mistoffelees. They turned him into a hapless, bumbling fool. Personally, I thought he was kind of cute, but it seemed like an unneeded change. The plot would have been fine without it. I liked his pencil wand, though. I suppose they wanted to make the relationship between Victoria and Misto more sympathetic? Rather than making Misto this cool, distant character that any newcomer kitty cat would fall for, they gotta make him clumsy and dumb so Victoria doesn't look shallow I guess? I dunno. It's fine. I'm fine with it. Everything's fine.Also that song was fine.Gumby Cat. Oh, Jennyanydots, what have they done to you? Okay, I'll say it, I've never really found Rebel Wilson to be all that funny. I know, boo me, I'm the worst, I suck, moving on. She was fine in this role, and I'll admit, some of the gags were pretty silly and fun, but watching Cat Rebel Wilson eat tiny roach people was just not great. Also, the mice were creepy. *shudders*Now, I'm going to go into this next song's review with a disclaimer. The Rum Tum Tugger, in Cats 1998 specifically, is my favorite character. I love him. He's an 80's rockstar himbo delight with a smooth, sexy voice and he knows it. God help me. When I heard Jason Derulo would be playing the new Tugger, I found it to be a pretty obvious choice in making Tugger new and hip to the modern crowd. It's fine, I get it. However, making him, like Not as smooth? I don't get why they did that. He's supposed to be an unflinching badass personification (catification?) of swag and confidence. I didn't like that change one bit. #NotMyTuggerGrizabella the Glamor Cat was pretty great. I loved Jennifer Hudson killed her role in this movie. 10/10 amazing job. However, this song brings me to another matter entirely. I couldn't tell who was singing it! Pretty much none of the chorus cats were recognizable to me. I could pick out Jemima and that's pretty much it! It took someone telling me that they changed Demeter to a russian blue for me to even have a chance of knowing which one she was. Demeter is one of my favorite cats, and we'll be talking about her again later.Although I wasn't expecting it, I really liked Bustopher Jones. I thought that it was fun that they really went for it, making him shown literally digging through the garbage for all of the gourmet food he loves so much. It's not made very clear in the original musical that this was what it was implying. I'm glad they did this, because otherwise it probably would have flown over everybody's heads. I miss the "toodle-pip" though.I loved Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer. They chilled it down a lot, which I was fine with, though I did miss their loud cockney accents and eccentric choreography. I also miss the double cartwheel The movie made up for it, though, with having really fun imagery. This one was definitely my favorite one from the movie. They made them more like sly, seasoned mischief-makers, rather than boisterous bastards. (I do love bastards, though)I loved Old Deuteronomy. Judi Dench is wonderful, and that song is always a lovely delight. Not much else to say about it.Can we get an F in chat for The Pekes and the Pollicles? It shall be missed.They cut down a significant amount of the ten-minute dance sequence that takes place in the middle of the show. DAMN them for shortening it. Cowards, the lot of you. However, this also means they cut out That Scene. I don't know if this is a good thing or a bad thing. To those saying this movie is incredibly horny, I BEG you to go watch Cats 1998. THAT movie is horny. It has The Scene, and also a multitude of ass shots throughout the film.Also I was fine with them changing Victoria's dance with Plato. (I think they replaced him with Munkustrap? I don't quite remember.)I loved Memory. Jennifer Hudson. *chef's kiss* Amazing.Beautiful Ghosts was fine. It was a lovely song, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't sound like the rest of the musical. It sounds more modern than the rest of the soundtrack. And they modernized the soundtrack, too, so that's saying something. It just felt a little out of place for me. Also, I don't like its placement. Let me explain.Grizzabella and Gus the Theater Cat are supposed to be comparisons of each other. They're both old and nearing their final days, wishing for days long past. However, the thing that makes them different is their relationship to the other Jellicle cats. While Grizzabella is cast out and rejected, Gus is loved by the clan and he's a very strong candidate for being the Jellicle choice. There's already a song between their two songs, The Moments of Happiness, but that song acts as more of a bridge between the two songs, rather than an interruption like Beautiful Ghosts feels to be.I liked Gus the Theater Cat. Ian McKellen seemed to like his role, which I liked. He's amazing at everything he does, too, so his performance was no surprise.Skimbleshanks: The Railway Cat was fun and upbeat and everything I hoped it would be. 10/10 would tap dance again.I didn't like Macavity the Mystery Cat at all. They cut Demeter out of it entirely, removing her implied history with Macavity, and in the process removing her entire relationship with Bombalurina. Instead, they made Bombalurina Macavity's bitch. She got the song all to herself. And I've gotta say it. I don't like Taylor Swift. That song felt like nails on a chalkboard. I hated every moment of it. Also, I find it hilarious that they kept the lyric, "Macavity's a ginger cat. He's very tall and thin." and he is very obviously none of those things in this movie.I didn't like a lot of things about Macavity, too. I liked Macavity he got more of a presence than in the stage musical, but some things were kind of lame I guess. Some of the scenes on Growltiger's boat (I thought they would do Growltiger's last stand but I was wrong!) were slow and boring. Even their little "action" scene. They also removed the Macavity fight scene, where he tries to kidnap Demeter. Very cringe of them. ANOTHER thing that is very cringe fail terrible was what they did to Grizzabella. They stripped her of her original backstory and just made her Macavity's ex. FORGET that. Horrible. Hate it. Stop making everything about Macavity.Back to Mistoffelees and his own song. Although I didn't like that they removed Tugger's role in Mr. Mistoffelees, I understood why. They turned him into a main character, so of course he had to sing his own song. However, they kept the lyric, "His manner is vague and aloof," (well, "My manner is vague and aloof.") which I find very silly of them. Yet another lyric that directly contradicts what the movie is providing.Also, I didn't like the lack of dancing in this scene! Mistoffelees is one of my favorite dancers in the original productions. Specifically the big, impressive toe touches. Cowards.I wish they let Jemima keep her solo. I know why they gave her solo to Victoria, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. Congrats, Webber, you got to cut your ex-wife's part out of the musical. *claps*I liked the reprise of Memory and the subsequent journey to the Heaviside layer. I loved the chandelier balloon, too. It was all very emotionally impactful. My mom literally cried next to me during Memory's reprise. Amazing job.I never really liked The Ad-dressing of Cats in the musical because it feels unnecessary after such an emotional, perfect ending note with the journey to the Heaviside layer, but this version was kind of fun, I guess. Old Deuts looking directly into the camera was a little off-putting, though.Overall, I thought this movie was fine. Will I watch it again? I don't know, maybe. If someone put it in front of me, I would probably watch it, but I'm probably not going to go seeking it out when Cats 1998 is right there. It was fun, and it was definitely a spectacle. But was it Cats? Mmmmmm It sure does look like Cats, but it doesn't really feel like Cats. Do I think it's a good movie for someone that isn't already a fan of the musical? I don't know, maybe? I'm seeing that most people hate it, which is a shame. If anything, I hope this movie compels people to seek out other productions of this musical. It really is a fun romp of a musical that I think people might like if they give it a try. I mean, it was Broadway's longest running show in its time for a reason.Do I recommend this movie? Sure. Go see it if you want. I'm not about to give this movie a score out of ten, because I find those kinds of rating arbitrary. But sure, go see Cats. Maybe it'll lead you toward the superior version. Cats 1998.
I loved the stage presentation of Cats and so I was looking forward to the movie.I enjoyed it more than the stage!! The music and dance was so much better for me!!!
It took many years, but this movie is Ishtar bad.
Songs were TOOOOO LONGGG to the point I fell asleep!
My kids and I enjoyed the movie and songs, especially the all star cast. Definitely a must see so you can rate for yourself and enjoy as well
The number of negative reviews is just weird.The movie poster says "The most joyful event of the holiday season."If you have any appreciation for musical theater (OK, not rock or rap musicals), see this in a theater.I feel sad for people who went to see this and failed to have a wonderful time.
I don't even know where to start...
I signed up for Rotten Tomatoes just to give this movie a boost.I am a huge fan of Broadway musicals, though I have never seen Cats.Based on all the bad movie reviews, I was expecting this introduction to Cats to be a total disaster.The reality:I loved it.It was an enjoyable highlight to the holiday.No regrets.
I was very, very confused. Also they CGI-ed everything about the actors except the hands. Cats with human hands, creepy.
So I love Cats. I watched the musical on VHS when I was a kid and we did a play in 3rd grade so I have major bais. People who rate this movie low because they can't understand the plot, need everything spoonfed to them. Clearly you went to the movie thinking this was going to be a weird CGI movie and thus you only looked at the graphics and never learned anything past middle school least of all poetry. Cats is half about cats and half about ourselves. These characters are all people we can Identify with, Victoria is the main character a new kitten thrown into an alleyway. Much like babies left at the firestation she only knew her name and started to explore her surroundings. There are so many characters to identify with, and the plot is understandable - there is a yearly ball where Old Deuteronomy gives away a cat life who they deem fit. Victoria is invited to the ball through song where she (like us) discover all of the cats who are in line-up trying to get the new life. This is not hard to follow I really dont understand the hate. There's a villian, an unlikely hero, weird wacky characters like... what's not to like?
Awful. God help us all.
I liked it.I saw it on broadway many times and thought the movie was fun and kept to the original story.
I absolutely loved it!But I've been a fan of Cats for a long time.I cried right along with Jennifer Hudson.
If you liked the original production you may enjoy the movie. My mom and I thought it was fun; we saw it on tour in Boston in the 80s. Jennifer Hudson made me cry. Many other thoughts, but that's the simple answer.Part 2: ...in my opinion the critics 1) didn't like the original musical cats or 2) are too young to have seen it and don't understand the concept of the show (or perhaps Broadway shows in general - more about this at the end).I thought Taylor Swift was the weak link and the reason her (& ALWs) original song won't be nominated is b/c Francesca Hayward is a dancer who sings, not a professional singer.I thought Rebel Wilson sang, but perhaps they wanted her solely for comic relief. The kids in our row laughed, as did we...Jennifer Hudson did bring out my waterworks, however, that is such a seminal song, I was surprised by some of her choices, but the whole of it worked for me.Back to F.H., Victoria, I think the addition of the new character was an improvement, helping to make the songs based on a bunch of related poems into a cohesive story. And again about the reviewers, few of them seemed to understand the history behind the show. A little research and writing constructive, informative reviews and this movie might have brought another generation to T.S. Eliot, ALW, Cats & Broadway.Just my opinion.
From someone who has performed in the show and sang the songs, I hated it. Awful.
Please delete this review.
I felt that this movie missed a lot of opportunities. I like the musical so I did enjoy the movie to some extent. I thought that making Victoria the protagonist was a good way to pull the story together. I also enjoyed the way Mr. Mistoffelees was portrayed. I thought the CGI was done very badly.They wouldve done better off using make up may be a little enhanced with CGI closer to what the Broadway plays use. Seeing Macavity without his trenchcoat in a brown for that didnt look like any cat was pretty horrible. I also really disliked Jennyanydots number, Particularly with she would unzip her fur and there would be more fur with the vest on underneath.I also really dislike the way Mungo Jerry and Rumpelteazers song had the melody changed. It wasnt an improvement, the original song was my favorite in the musical. Grizabella the glamour cat I was also not too appealing the way she sang memories sobbing with snot coming out of her nose. I like that it moved around the city and was in different locations. I also liked Gus the theater cat, and old Deuteronomy. I dont think it was a total disaster but it sure couldve been a whole lot better! By the way I went with a group of people and the people who had not seen the cats musical did not like the movie at all whereas the two of us who saw the cats musical were enjoying the movie a little more.
It was boring. More like a cat talent show.
The best production numbers. The dancing singing & acting were supurb itsa do not miss
This movie was horrible. I mean I laughed a lot at the mocha's running down Jennifer Hudsons nose but .... I love musicals but this was horrible acting, singing and I couldn't even follow the story line.
i have not seen this movie nor do i want to, just the sight of the character design will keep me away for years to come.
Just couldnt connect with the characters. Too much singing.
Music, dancing, well-casted and theme I connected to.
Worst movie Ive seen in a long time. The story line was hard to follow.
Its not the movie that was bad its the play it was based on that is somewhat hard to follow. The cast was amazing and everyone played their part perfectly (especially Taylor Swift, Jennifer Hudson and Jason Derulo) its just what they were playing was hard to follow. I left confused how the play has been the longest running Broadway play ever bc Im like .... I just left the theater and couldnt tell you any sort of summary of the plot. But I thought it was entertaining! It was fun to see all of the cast in costume and see what their theme was.
Words cannot describe the physical pain this film made me feel.
Absolutely awful. Don't waste your time, money, or sanity. I suffered so you don't have to.
Much better than expected.Bright and lively.
Give yourself the opportunity of watching it, do not listen to the negative critics.
Well done story line, fabulous choreography, and terrific detail to costumes/make-up.
Music is classic.Play did not translate well in screen
The critics need to back up.Seriously.If you liked the musical Cats, you will enjoy the movie Cats.This is far from a "one star" film.It is an exceptionally fun, gorgeous musical, that is adapted to a modern screen.If musicals aren't your thing, don't see this movie and then complain that it's a musical.If you don't know the musical Cats or the plot of Cats, don't see it, get confused, and then complain about your confusion.Let me help: the plot of Cats is simple, silly, fun, and heartwarming.It's about a group of street cats that sing songs about their unique identities in order to select a special cat to be born again in a new life.Don't go to the movie Cats expecting something else.The movie follows the stage production flow almost exactly, with minimal changes, and the changes that were made were just fine by me.Jennifer Hudson's emotional performance of Memory made me cry real tears. This movie was a joy and well worth my time and money.So please, please, all you critics out there having a pissing contest, stop with your unnecessary shade, and let the true musical lovers enjoy this film.
Jennifer Hudson was, of course, amazing...otherwise, it was just ok. I think they tried to bring the Broadway musical to the big screen but it just did not translate well
I really enjoyed it, and found it very moving. It's very faithful to the concept and plan of the original Musical. To understand it, you have to realise that, like the theatre, it requires the "Willing suspension of disbelief" - and that these are humans in cat costume (generated by very good CGI), retaining their faces, hands, feet, and scale. If you think of this as "real cats, with CGI human faces", then it would indeed be very weird. Also, note that the original poetry by Eliot) is meant to be a series of unrelated vignettes on "the cat nature" - the musical and the film does connect these by interweaving a very slender plot/narrative, but, as with Mamma Mia, the plot isn't what this is about! Enjoy it for what it is - a set of clever depictions of how cats and humans are alike, coupled with great music and talented actors/choreography.
I loved it.Wonderful choreography, raw expressive singing, totally convincing "costumes" / fur. Judi Dench acted her socks off, James Corden and Rebel Wilson are fantastic comedy acts, and Francesca Hayward was exquisitely and powerfully beautiful.Skimbleshanks the tap-dancing Railway cat had me longing to put my tap shoes back on.Mind you, I loved the live show as a teen (when it first came out in London),I enjoy the soundtrack and the original poems, I love the pro dances on Strictly Come Dancing and I love my cat.So I'm bang slap in the middle of a favourable demographic.However, I just don't understand the depths of contempt with which this has been greeted by critics. It's not high culture, although it's dance style is essentially ballet.But it is wonderfully entertaining, and even powerful at times.Don't believe what you've read or heard. Go and see it for yourself and I think you'll enjoy. I really did.
Enjoyed the Broadway show years ago because of the music, artistry and creativity.For the most part, the same can be said of the movie.I know the critics panned the heck out of it, but we still found it enjoyable, were not as put off by many of the shortfalls noted by the critics, and found the music and dancing delightful.The biggest disappointment was the poor casting of Jennifer Hudson and her terrible rendition of Memory -I'll take the original any day.Also, a little less emphasis on the technology and a little more attention to the brilliance of the poetry - you either get it or you don't!
Loved it. Tremendous staging.much easier to follow than the stage production.Critics don't know what they're talking about.
Boring, l understand it was a musical movie, but l came to watch a movie, not those cats to sing, the worse movie l ever seen.
Absolutely horrible i even left my phone in the theatre after i had to leave only 15minutes in because it was so bad.
they just plain out ruined it.
wow...that was real bad.
Its the musical guys. Its a super weird musical so why were people surprised that it yielded a hella weird movie?
Worth watching I guess? I defiantly would recommend that the whole world watched the movie.
Loved the music!!! Had never seen this before and really enjoyed it!
Unfortunately this was a terrible movie. I cant even give it one star but it made to write the review.
For a musical on screen great job
Liked everything!! Jennifer Hudson is absolutely amazing!!
I knew going into this movie that critics hated it, that the studio no doubt is even more frustrated, now facing losing millions of dollars based on the terrible opening weekend (BUT, what do you expect opening at the same time as the LAST so they say Star Wars movie?), and that even the Director is pointing fingers, and vowing to "ship a better version" of the movie to theaters across the country.BUT, my wife and I have seen the stage production of CATS many times, and it's perhaps one of my wife's most liked of all musicals.She practically has memorized the lyrics of every famed song.SO, on our traditional "see a movie" on CHRISTMAS DAY, CATS was a natural choice.As seasoned CATS viewers & admirers, the movie was very entertaining, and very true to the stage production.Not even the many "out of place" famed actresses and actors in the film (who no doubt climbed into the CAT costume & make-up for BIG PAY & to lend name recognition) could take away from the movie, whether they could sing or dance or not.BUT, IF a viewer walked in cold, knowing nothing about the storyline or music or popularity of CATS, I could see how disappointed one could be.It would be a disjointed, confusing & blundering mess of a movie for the ill-informed & uneducated (about CATS that is!!!). We liked the film because we understand it's "Backstory".Others not so wild about the historical popularity & success of the Stage production and music of CATS no doubt hated the film.I will say there was almost no one at the movie, and it was in the smallest of theaters in the HAWAII complex we saw the movie.THat alone tells you something.
Cheap looking.Lazy film-making.Couldn't connected emotionally to anything because of how fake it looked.Hard to also tell what the plot was because it was overkill with the singing.Only went to appease a friend.
I was pleasantly surprised by Cats, after hearing about the bad reviews. The nighttime sets of 1930s London were beautiful and very nostalgic. Great dance scenes and the young ballerina, Francesca Hayward, dazzled as the new cat on the block, Victoria. Her dancing was wonderful and she displayed innocence and vulnerability. Jennifer Hudson had me in tears with the reprise of Memory and Judi Dench did a fine job of portraying the wise matriarch Old Deuteronomy. Having sung a medley of A.L. Webber songs, including selections from Cats in our community choir years ago, I got a kick out of hearing the cast sing and dance to Mr. Mistophales. The only drawback for me was that I haven't seen the play enough to know the dialogue, it's quick and witty, and I am slow and dull. But the dancing and singing made up for it.
The critic's are wrong. This movie was wonderful from beginning to end. If you did not see the Broadway show then you may not appreciate it quite as much. If you have seen it performed live then you will absolutely love this movie
The critics just got this wrong. Same Andrew Lloyd Weber music and plot and fantastic performances by Jennifer Hudson and Jeff Gordon.What's not to like??
Horrible,wife made me go,now I hate cats.
I have two words for you:Cats.But that doesn't make sense, you say?Exactly.Back in college, it seemed like every performing arts major had that Harvey Edwards "Leg Warmers" photo hanging on their wall. You know the one with the well-worn stockings and the tattered, duct-taped ballet slippers in pli?It signified a commitment to T.H.E.T.H.E.A.T.R.E. - a world of over-enunciations, mid-Atlantic accents, treading the boards, finishing lines to the very end of one's finger tips, and playing to the back row! I'm convinced Cats was made for them, not only to enjoy but to be a part of in order to hone their "craft".I mean this in a loving, celebratory way.Cats may enter the history books as a gasp-inducing, surreal, plot-free nightmare of gargantuan proportions, but this one's for all the theater geeks who lived to strut across the stage and put on a show.It's that Theater 101 Class which decided to very publicly let the rest of the world in to see its students "be a cat" for a couple of hours.Tom Hooper, who turned Les Miserables, a show I genuinely love, into a fish-eyed, overwrought live singing, dutch-angled disaster, expands his repertoire a little bit here, but not enough to convince me he should continue directing musicals.He keeps things moving along but the script he co-wrote with Lee Hall doesn't do him any favors.I found myself entertained by individual moments, but nothing really adds up to a contained whole By now, I think everyone knows that Cats doesn't really have much of a story.A bunch of felines introduce themselves in song until an elder cat selects one of them for the honor of dying, going to kitty Heaven, and being reborn to experience the next one of their nine lives.Think of it as American Idol for the meow crowd, replete with its own Simon Cowell-esque villain. Idris Elba plays Macavity, who tries to destroy the competition by turning them into some type of mist and rebirthing them on a barge in the Thames!Yeah, that tracks.It all plays out like some long lost variety special from the 1970s.Google Shields And Yarnell if you have to, and then imagine them hissing and prancing around a soundstage as the words "Cats" and "Jellicles" bore their way into your brain.Francesca Hayward plays Victoria, an abandoned cat who acts as our entree into the Picadilly Circus world of our cast.Rebel Wilson pops in to pulverize a character named Jennyanydots, followed by James Corden doing the same with Bustopher Jones.Some lesser known actors show the big celebs how to do it right such as Laurie Davidson as the magician Mr. Mistoffelees and Robbie Fairchild as Munkustrap, who looks like a young Stephen Colbert in a cat suit.Jennifer Hudson oozes snot and phlegm as the tragic Grizabella, who oversings "Memory" but still managed to make me cry.Jason Derulo appears long enough to put down some outdated funk into our ears. Dame Judith Dench and Sir Ian McKellen appear as elder statescats and commit fully to their Glenda The Good Witch and Mr. Cellophane roles respectively. Taylor Swift appears long enough to convince us that her fake English accent on her hit "Blank Space" was no fluke.Still, I enjoyed her shimmying and sprinkling glitter down on the crowd from atop a descending moonand that, my friends, is not a sentence I expected to write when I woke up this morning.Many have quibbled about being able to see Old Deuteronomy's (Dame Dench) wedding ring, but who cares?Unfinished CGI?Crew members in the background? Inconsistent proportions?Furry bodies with human hands and feet?Cats wearing furs made from other cats?Bring it!You're all literally crying over spilled milk. When nothing makes sense, why should anything?In a script where nothing builds from one moment to the next, the emotional ricochet of it all doesn't do character development or a plot any favors, but it does produce some standout moments.I enjoyed the Artful Dodger "Consider Yourself" type number by Skimbleshanks, the cat who lives on a train, especially when the cast dances on the tracks across London in an extra wide shot.Andrew Lloyd Webber, who created the stage musical and clearly has never met a melody he didn't repeat over and over, cribs from his Jesus Christ Superstar "Hosanna" song with Mr. Mistoffelees' big number, but damned if I wasn't singing along to it anyhow.Not everything works, of course.Most of it doesn't. The creepy CGI will haunt my dreams, replacing images of Linda Blair vomiting pea soup with uncanny valley humanoids shaking their furry asses in my face. I found what choreography I could see as being uninspired, although it's hard to tell when it gets chopped to bits. The color palette can best be described as Tim Burton's Alice In Wonderland threw up on Tim Burton's Charlie And The Chocolate Factory and out of the ooze came a mutant version of Moulin Rouge and Chicago.I even take issue with Old Deuteronomy's choice at the end.There's one cat who literally saves her life, yet somehow she doesn't consider that worthy enough.Besides, who really wants to win a contest where the prize is dying, hanging onto a Phantom Of The Opera chandelier attached to a hot air balloon and ascending to some place called the Heavyside Layer?No thanks, I'll take my chances in hell, Dame Dench!In conclusion, everyone should see Cats.I shouldn't be the only one.When as the last time you left a movie theater with your jaw on the floor?When was the last time you have no idea what you saw, but consider the three vodka tonics and discussion you had with friends afterwards to be a life highlight?When was the last time you saw a musical with only one truly memorable song?Ok, I know the answer to these questions is The Greatest Showman, but now you have Cats!Long live terrible movie musicals!Long live rubbernecking at accidents!Long live the theater nerds who just wanna show off their can-do spirit and give it the old college try!Long live Harvey Edwards!Long live Cats!Now and forever and probably just for the next two weeks at a theater near you.
this movie was awful! do not go see it. I got my money back after 15 minutes.
Not as bad as the critics said, but isn't good, either.
are we even surprised
My whole family loved it.If you are a musical lover even more.It was a magic show with great stars like Taylor Swift and JenniferHudson.Please read the story line on google before you see itit will help you understand the complex character background.The music and dancing were fantastic.. go see it,
I went in extremely jaded, fully prepared to watch what I was told was a burning dumpster fire of a train wreck.I was wrong!Cats was a fun & exciting romp into the nonsensical world of T.S. Eliot & whatever the heck Andrew Lloyd Webber is doing. If you liked the stage musical, you'll probably enjoy the movie!The cgi took a hot minute to adjust to, but the performances were good these dancers were fluid & graceful. Munkustrap in particular was treating his role with the extreme reverence of a man on Broadway. But dang! Jason Derulo nearly stole the show! And sweet, sweet Mister Mistofelees... What a fun time! I don't understand why this movie is getting so much hate; eat some bread & then maybe you'll calm down a little?
This is what cats is meant to be! Campy, Over exaggerated, slightly terrifying at times, yet will still make you cry happy tears at the end. I understand the off putting cgi, but I think I've grown to not mind it, especially when everything else in it is as it should be!
I really enjoyed it!!
No real storyline till the end. Good cast great music but no story line
Horrible from begging to the point where my family and I walked out from.
Got brain damage after watching this. Save your hardworking money for something better.
Such an odd film. Les Miserable looks like gold in comparison.
CATS is song & dance, based on whimsical poems by T.S. Eiiot. It's a musical fantasy for Lord's sake, not an episode of Animal Planet.I absolutely loved it.Bravo & Meow!
LOVED THE MUSIC FROM BEGINING TO END.THOUGHT THE CAT COSTUMES WERE FANTASTIC AND THE YOUNG CAT (DON'T KNOW ACTRESS)DANCER WAS MARVELOUS.I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE CRITICISM OF THE MOVIE.I SAW THE STAGE PLAY AND CAN'T COMPARE AND ARE TWO ENTIRELY DIFFERENT TYPES OF PRESENTATION
Terrible waste of time
I absolutely loved this movie!!! As a cat lover, AND a lover of musicals I was truly excited to see this depiction of the live play and as far as I'm concerned, IT DID NOT DISAPPOINT!! I loved seeing the actors who did not normally perform these rolls do something different, AND the actors who brought their talents to the story and made it even that much more epic! Everyone did such an amazing job and it was SO fun and delightful to watch! How wonderful to know that Mr Andrew Lloyd Weber got to be a part of this production too, to keep the feel of the original story!! It really deserves better ratings than it has!
For my first time watching cats ever in my life it was a wonderful display two 
Significantly better than I thought it was going to be. I've seen the play and hated it. The movie cuts down on the run time and makes the story more coherent. The film making atrocities give it a so bad it's good quality. Ian McKellan looking directly into the camera and saying "meow meow meow" is the funniest unintentional comedy ever.
I want to preface this by saying I am not well, I want to tell you that this is a joke, but it is not. I have watched the Cats movie, and I do not know what this emotion is, but I don't like it.First I will address what this made me feel, whatever the producers wanted, it wasn't this. I can say for certain that I've felt it before, when I was three years old and had just gotten into my first car crash. I was fine, I knew I was, but something very bad happened and there's nothing I can do to stop the things that this would change. That there are clearly implications here that I'm not getting. Sure I grew up and understand them now, but I will never understand what happened here. It's the feeling you get when you've been caught. Someone came to your house and found some awful old photos, your mom caught you breaking a rule, your teacher writes a "see me after class" on the top of a test you cheated on. This is the feeling of desperately trying to save yourself from if not some punishment, Some unspeakable shame. But you know it won't work. You are dirty.I watched the movie, biked home in mostly silence, made myself an egg, and sat a bit with this knowledge. But I have to tell someone. Someone needs to know what happened here.I went in knowing that this was going to be terrible, my father and his friends took me with them to see it as a joke. The security guard near the man who took our tickets looked concerned, he asked us if we had alcohol or weapons despite not having asked anyone else. This man knew what this movie does to people. The theater had at most 7 other people, all adults here for the shitshow and dear lord, the shitshow came.The movie starts off with a bag being tossed on the ground by what I hope is a human and gets swarmed by "cats." I knew it was going to be bad but. Jesus. I'm Jewish but Jesus. These are very, very wrong.Immediately there is overwhelming sexual overtones, I wish I didn't see it but it's impossible not to. Why do the cat people move like that? Why is it lifting its leg like that? Why the licking? The bag is ripped open to reveal Victoria, a cat. She is immediately accosted by a cult of "Jellicle cats." That is not a word. I do not know what I'm supposed to glean from this.They sing a song basically describing what a cat is like she didn't know, then all fuck off to a graveyard. She tries to follow but is stopped by two very aggressive cats that demand her name and do not accept it, then she is told in a way too intense song that cats have three names, a fact that is never brought up again.She is serenaded by a gray cat that we see through the entire movie but does not have a name. Why should he? Why should any of this be happening? I'll just call him Gray. This is the first "interpretive cat sex dance." There is no other way to describe this. I wish there was another way to describe this. Gray then goes on to explain the "plot."Every year the Jellicle cats get together and their leader chooses one cat that gets to be reborn be going up to the sky and seeing some cool shit. How did they make this choice? Musical numbers of course! The contestants have to sing about who they are, their past and goals, and why they should be chosen. It reminded me of when my old middle school teachers who thought they were our friends tried to make class fun by saying our presentations would be in song, and the kid that everyone knew was gay before he did gets way too into it.Now I can not begin to describe the way the cats move. It's like someone in a cat costume trying to be a cat but like, sexy. If everyone with the worst kinks came together to design a character, it would be every character in this god forsaken movie. I feel like an ancient Egyptian priest at the temple of Bast being reincarnated to witness this abomination of once was once my god, like her skin was being worn by someone without a soul.We are introduced to a few contestants: a rich cat whose personality is food, a playboy cat who definitely fucks, and, who I found most disturbing, a housecat who trains mice and cockroaches. Housecat shows us how she organized the mice, they are cgi mouse children that will haunt me whenever I look at my mice, all playing in a tiny band while the cats hint at eating their families. The cockroaches, all wearing heels, are marching in lines, clearly sentient, and the cats start eating them. We see hints of a rogue cat named Macavity. He is wanted for unknown crimes, his poster on every wall, and his ex girlfriend, Grizabella, is hated for having associated with him. We are never told what he or she did, there is no room for plot with all the puns about cats. It's funny because cats.Victoria is also introduced to two cats known for stealing things, break into someone's house, destroy and/or steal everything, and have another Interperetive cat sex dance. Now, the stealy cats make it clear that people know who they are, but just say welp, it was them awful cats' and then don't think about it. Why do they get away with it? Isn't Macavity wanted? Is he not a cat? Is he a human who just wants to fuck with them? Anyway the stealy cats leave her and she's saved by a cat who is supposedly magical, no one questions this.At this point I am laughing, but in that my friend just got kicked in the nuts by a clown, there is danger, that's funny but are you ok?' Kind of way. That my girlfriend saw my browser history I sure hope she thinks it's funny' kind of way. Nothing that's happening is supposed to be funny, but whatever is happening is crawling into the creases of my brain. More cat puns, more dancing, we meet their queen who has supposedly lived 99 lives and once again, no one questions it.Now here I'm thinking, why does she wear fur? Did she skin other cats? Why do some cats wear clothes and others don't? Are they naked? Do they know that they're naked? I'm still laughing silently, my chest hurts, I'm crying. I am crying in front of my father.This time the cats are in a theater having an interpretive cat sex dance (again there is no other way to interpret it) and two more contestants come in. One is an old drunk looking cat. Do they drink booze? Are these cats drunk? He gives a song about how he peaked in his youth. Another cat wearing only red overalls and a hat gives a song about living on a train, then flies into the ceiling and gets kidnapped by Macavity who has apparently kidnapped all the other contestants with his unquestioned cat magic as well.The kidnapped contestants are chained on a boat manned by a gross looking cat(?) who also is wanted. Macavity loyalists descend from the ceiling on cutouts of a moon and several very strippery hoops. They sing about how shitty he is, drug everyone with glowing catnip, and summon him. He demands to be chosen, Queen says no, and he Magics her to the kidnapping boat that apparently cats can captain? The magic cat gives a song about how he can magic and Magics her back, so just fuck the other kidnapped cats I guess.But don't worry, they escape! How? Because housecat can unzip her fur into another layer of fur and slip out of the chains of course! I'm numb. They throw the gross cat off the boat. Meanwhile Victoria goes outside to Grisabella who is singing a song about how things used to be cool but things aren't cool anymore. Victoria gives an I had a shitty life and am fine so like what's your problem?' song, takes her inside, and queen says that she's the chosen despite them literally trying to kill her earlier. They usher her into a chandelier that's what connected to a blimp apparently, and she flies off, hopefully into the fucking sun where all these cats belong.It ends with queen giving a speech saying the moral of the story is "cats, am I right?" They declare "cats are not dogs" and it's over. I am shaking, there are tears on my face. Everything is bad now.It was like going into something bad and finding something so much worse. It was like burying a newly dead pet and finding the corpse of another dead pet. It was like a waiter grating subpar cheese into a salad you didn't want, then hitting you with the cheese grater.Why did I do this? What made me see this? This is cosmic horror. HP lovecraft wishes he could have written something that instills within a person such a feeling of helplessness and fear. I am a prey animal being watched by something that will eat me the moment I move. Why did I think this would be fun?I am beginning to understand why people turn to religion in times of strife, but there is no being that is powerful enough to wipe away the sin of this film. If there was a god, Tom Hooper killed it. It was like knowing satan when he was an angel and meeting him again now while he is insisting that he's always loved you. What am I supposed to do with this? Beg the stars for forgiveness? There is nothing that can be forgiven, the stars are dead too.At no point did someone tell Hooper that this was a stupid idea? At no point did any of the A-list celebrities say "hey what the fuck are we doing"? At no point did the actors collectively walk into the ocean? I feel dirty, and no matter how hard I scrub a can't wash it off. This was religious in the sense that I now know for certain that nothing can save us.If anyone knows Tom Hooper, tell him I just want to talk. I want to meet the man who doesn't fear divine punishment. These hastily carved stakes are for something else. Someone has to pay for what I've witnessed.
So bad! Hardly any dialogue. The little plot that exists was terrible. Songs all sound the same and are boring. Avoid!!!!!
This movie had amazing talent, the musicians were excellent, the dancing was excellent, and the digital art was excellent.If you go in Knowing it's a MUSICAL AND NOT A MOVIE, and familiarize yourself with the storyline, you are sure to enjoy the experience far better than if you go in uninformed.
The singing was good.
Controversy and much guffaw have plagued Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical based on T.S. Eliot's poetry collection since that trailer landed when all we see are familiar faces like Taylor Swift, Judi Dench or Idris Elba getting the ultimate cat filter treatment, looking weird, unsettling and simply wrong. My initial reluctance turned into curiosity after the dreadful reviews came out and with my mission statement in mind, I bought a cheap ticket and braced myself for the onslaught that is Cats the Musical the Film. Visually, the human(ish) faces, fingers and bare feet are a total mismatch with the realistic feline bodies that modern CGI is able to recreate; missing the point entirely that they were able to get away with it in the theatre is because they haven't tried that hard to make them realistic. Here, it's definitely a case of less is more. As for the wafer-thin WTF narrative, which involves a pageant to pick a winner for a second life after setting off on a balloon it's total nonsense which the pompous film takes far too seriously. Equally taking it far too seriously, without any humour or tonal adjustments, are the actors, where their gestures and behaviour end up unintentionally funny and/or inappropriate. Musically, the score stands up well enough, despite Memories being the only song that anyone can remember and the often ridiculous lyrics are the least of this film's worries. Despite his previous experience with another sung-through musical adaptation, Tom Hooper is simply left flustered by the blatant inappropriateness of turning this show into a film, having forgotten perhaps there's a reason why it has never happened for almost 40 years since its debut. The only upside to this foolish and unnecessary endeavour is that we, hopefully, won't be getting Starlight Express the movie anytime soon.
I literally made an account so I could tell you not to see this movie. I saw all the bad reviews and thought "That sounds like fun! We can go laugh at how bad it is!" It's even too boring for that. It's just a painful, boring, disturbing watch. Jennifer Hudson shines when she sings Memory at the end and you start for a second to think maybe it's not the movie, it's you, and this is actually a good film! Then Judy Dench stares into your soul for the awkward, painful finale and you realize, nope, it really is that bad.
Good grief worst movie in history.Even the singing is awful.How on the world do things like this get made?Horrible boring embarrassing
I went to go see this movie with a group of friends, knowing before hand that it would be bad. We saw it in hopes it would be the type of bad movie you could laugh at. I thought we would have fun watching it. Walking into the large AMC theater, there was only one person besides us. Sadly, 10 minutes into it, I can say that I've never seen a more boring movie in my life. I've seen many, many films. Hundreds, in fact. Dozens in theaters. Never, NEVER, In my life have I left a movie theater. I left 15 minutes into the "movie." This film is God's mistake.
Thought it was EXCELLENT. So many are comparing this to the Broadway production.....it's NOT Broadway! Dancing, choreography, music was wonderful!! The heck with the critical....they are paid to be "critical", I paid to be entertained and CATS did not disappoint me
Mixed feelings, As a musician and have seen this musical in different cities, it was not my favorite!However loved Robbie Fairchild as Munkustrap and Laurie Davidson as Mistoffelees!Awesome performance! However the most famous song sung by Jennifer Hudson was lacking in so many ways. That was a disappointing moment here and missed opportunity!Some of the cgi were really good but still was lacking polish in many spots. Also James Corden deserves some recognition for his character as well. Overall,not a big miss like many are saying, but still could have been so much more.
Story was super confusing and could barely understand it
I loved Cats the musical, and they tried really hard, but it doesn't land. Check it out if you like Cats.
Was a magical experience. I love the show, and was not disappointed with the movie. I laughed and I cried. Cannot want to see it again
Costumes were beautiful and dancing was amazing!
Congratulations it's awful I'm sure it's all Taylor Swift fault
I thought it was fun to watch! Really enjoyed it.
If you like musicals, youll like this. The cast is spectacular and the scenes well done. The music is fantastic and beautiful. You must go in with an open mind that its a musical and the people will look like cats. I thought it was beautiful.
The cast and dancing were great, the story was fine, but the editing was truly nauseating.
Just watch the broadway original save yourself time and money !
I love the stage production and the movie did the difficult task of being even better! Remember this is a movie based on a stage production that is essentially one long song and dance number based on a book of poetry.
Great choreography but just a fair movie
For those who enjoyed the musical, this is spectacularly better version and since I fit into this category, I gave it 5 stars.For those who have not seen musical but enjoy good song and dance spectacle with fabulous special effects and some semblance of storyline, this is also recommended.Those who don't like musicals, please don't go.Nonetheless, I don't understand the viciousness of "professional" reviewers.There must be some underlying vendetta against producers / director of the movie as I have seen the same bunch of critics praise absolutely dreadful movies.
Why? Who thought this was as good idea?
it's absolutely disgusting. Bunch of horny cats, and there's no plot.
If you are looking to take a napI highly recommend this movie. Overall Cats the play is a weird concept, old poetry stitched together very loosely with almost 0 plot. This movie improves on that kind of, but not really
This has to be one of the worst movies I have watched in the past few years.
I fell asleep due to boredom.Wasted $12.00.Bad CGI killed this movie.Wasted talent and potential.It works better on stage than a movie.
Cats was a good adaptation of the musical to film. The musical itself had a love it or hate it relationship with audiences and the film is no different. As a fan of the musical I enjoyed it a lot. The sets were descent and compared to the broadway costumes I thought the fur was done as well as it could be without animation. My only gripe was not about the movie but the changing of tones of some of the songs that made a few of the more energetic scenes slog (Mungojerry and Rumpletezer for example). Otherwise it was very enjoyable.
As mystical as the CGI cat fur might have been, the plot, focus and overall zen of the movie was non-existent.A theatrical experience just can't be replicated on the screen.
Excellent dancing and music, but went on for too long... was anxious for it to end.
I cannot stress enough that this is the single worst movie I have ever seen. It's awful. Awful, awful, awful. It's a mess of confusion and bewilderment with bright colors as an attempt to cover up the absolute crime it committed against fine arts. It baffles me this movie was even made. It baffles me that this movie had a $100 million budget, and ended up looking a middle schooler's video arts project. This is, and may forever go down, as the worst movie ever made. It's an absolute abomination.
Worst visual and sensory experience EVER. if I get nightmares tonight either due to the cheap horror music or the unfinished and uncanny cringeworthy aesthetic... I'll see all of yall there with me in furry limbo.
it just left me confused
I went into this film ignoring the reviews like Icarus failing to heed the warnings of his father. I thought it would be so awful that it was funny. You know, something I could enjoy mocking & jeering at for two hours.I proceeded to slog through two of the worst hours of my life.The CGI is awful, and everything looks just as terrible as it did in the trailer.Unfortunately, you get so used to the ugliness that it is no longer entertaining, and then you are left to actually watch the most boring and uncomfortably horny pustule of a movie that has ever graced the silver screen. I was so pissed after viewing it that I actually considered trying to get my money back, but I realized that would be unfair because it wasn't the theater's fault.So, Tom Hooper, I will be collecting my $7.75 from you when we meet in hell.
Extremely confusing . waste of money
It was only as strange as the original musical was, it can't do much about its source material. The addition of Victoria made it easier to understand the story, the songs still held up, the original London cast only wore leotards and wigs anyway so the need for massive overhauls on CGI is unnecessary. Taylor Swift's overacting was the worst part tbh.
If you like musicals, you will probably like. Costumes were great. Other than that, I would wait until out of the theater.My 7 year old daughter seemed to like it.
People have to realize that this is a musical film with excellent dancing, costumes and voices. If they are expecting a typical movie with dialogue and clear plot, they will be disappointed, but if they are aware of the play presented in theaters in London and New York, they will enjoy it.
Disregard the critics!Could Cats have been different or else more like the stage version?Of course.It was a stretch to try to produce a coherent story from what is a series of vignettes (poems actually).But looking beyond that, the music, dancing and performances outweigh the glitches.Cats the stage musical was a delight because actors dressed in cat uniforms and try to act like cats.It was like a Halloween party.However thanks to CGI actors can look more like real cats, so a real story was needed.I still thoroughly enjoyed it.Cats fans:Give it a shot and see what you think.
Despite the critics I loved the movie.Ian McKellen was fabulous.I don't think it needed all those other A listers as the rest of the cast was fantastic.Don't be put offf by critics, make your own mind up.My favourite was the railway cat dancer He was outstanding. Enjoy.
I am a huge fan of the original London and Broadway productions.If they had used real makeup instead of relying on CGI I feel the result would have been better.The film dragged a bit in parts and Jennifer Hudson's performance of Grizabella, while amazing was a bit overcooked for my taste.
My granddaughter & I Loved cats not sure why it is getting such bad press!!!
I fall into Uncanny Valley.
No plot,couldn't understand premise. Boring
I like watching plays but this was something I was done with during the showing.I simply did not enjoy it. A refund would of made the experience better
I am a Broadway Show fan and I'll start by saying Cats was not one of my favorite on Broadway, I almost fell asleep through it.I thoroughly enjoyed the movie!The cast was great, the choreography was well done the singing was awesome.My husband even enjoyed it!I am dumbfounded by the amount of bad press this movie has gotten and how many of people are basing their opinions on whether to go or not based on what they read about it.Do yourself a favor go see and judge for yourself.You will be pleasantly surprised and scratch your head like me at the negative reviews.
After a brief period of adjustment, reminding myself that this was truly a full-on musical, I found the film quite entertaining. The performances were solid, and the technology used to transform humans into felines was fantastic, visually. If you are expecting a riveting plot and gripping dialogue, this film is not for you. If you enjoy musicals, this is a captivating treat for the eyes.
Great movie. I don't understand negative reviews.
The cast was amazing and made the movie.The story is boring but the music and dancing are enoyable
So refreshing. Pure fantasy.
yo soy amante de la obra, la he visto en teatro varias veces, desde grupos escolares hasta profecionales, pero la pelicula no me cumplio ni para pasar el rato, ademas los gatos me dio mucho waa
Didn't expect it to be mostly Opera.Thought there would be more speaking lines and not so much singing.Actors/Actresses/Singers/Ballerinas and Dancers were amazing though.
Loved it! The costumes, dance, music.The entire audience sang along. Great experience.
DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS!This film is BRILLIANT, for adults and I believe for children alike.The CGI is superb and creates beautiful cats, with lifelike tail swishing and ear twitching which with the performers own minute moves and stealth-like actions creates a stunning sense of reality. THERE IS NOTHING UGLY OR HORRIFIC in this film. I must admit I never liked the theatre production, nor was particularly fond of the score, but was intrigued to see how a musical that was so adored over so many years could be so totally trashed by the critics. Every one gave an award winning performance.The magnificent direction meant that at last the songs made sense of the story, the the sets were perfect and ALL the dancing OUTSTANDING. I felt immersed in the backstreet alleys surrounded by cats. As I left the cinema several of the audience I spoke to told me they had already seen it 2 or 3 times and I can tell you I too will be revisiting the cinema and buying the Video (there is so much to see).SO IF YOU LOVE SONG, DANCE AND DRAMA, DO'NT LISTEN TO THE CRITICS - GO AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELF. I promise you will be enchanted.
Absolutely great movie
I don't understand the resistance to this movie. Many reviewers seem to not understand the concept of a stage musical. It's not a narrative, it's a dance and music show. I wasn't put off by the CGI costumes, they looked pretty good to me. The dancing was very good, indeed. The singing was not the highlight of the show, even the big number, but it was very heartfelt and done with penache. If you like Broadway shows, this will be very enjoyable. Ignore the critics, go have a good time.
While I did not see the Broadway Musical..I enjoyed the movie "CATS" very much b/c I like really good singing & a story was told with mostly singing & dancing..!!
Like all movies, you need to know what you are going to watch. If you are familiar with the stage play of Cats, this is a very good cinema version of that same play, which is a loose theme of poems turned into songs and dance about cats.
Great set and costume design.Hudsons rendition of Memories, best ever.
One of my favorite plays.Special effects were absolutely amazing!!
It is one of my favorite shows and I loved the costuming.
Took a long time to tell a relatively simple story. Hard to understand the words. Costume effects were good.
Pay no attention to negative reviews.If you love dance, beauty, and a little magic, you'll be spellbound by 'Cats'.
Thought it was great. CGI needs tweaking but overall I was entertained
Boring . I was not expecting to enjoy it but sister wanted to go. My expectations were low and they did not disappoint . Jennifer Hudson had the best singing performance not Taylor Swift
I loved it but I love musicals. I didnt know anything about the plot before so I was a little lost. Overall I loved it and would see it again!
A good musical should follow basic plot.
if you loved the play you will most likely love the movie.If you were so so on the play the movie does little to change that accept it is easier to understand that there is a competition going on.
I couldn't make out the words when all the characters sang together and since it was my first exposure to Cats, I had to guess at what they were saying. I cannot recommend it, nor do I plan on seeing it again.
The critics are harsh on this.. but I enjoyed the entertainment it had to offer. 
Horrible and nightmarish appearance
I liked that it had all the music and dancing that made the stage show so wonderful, but it explained the story better.I loved Dame Judy Dench, she was amazing. If you are very familiar with the stage musical Cats, I believe you will appreciate this movie.
Disappointing. They added cartoon like portions, poor plot and added cat character which was unnecessary to story. They took a great play and ruined it. Lack of catlike features took away from the story. I guess its hard and maybe unfair to compare it to the play. Jennifer Hudson played her part well and sang in keeping with the dying character.
I feel like my brain went through a blender. I saw the movie twice and I think it finally broke me. The walls are closing in
So I will start by saying that I have never seen the Broadway version of Cats, so with that I wasn't sure what to expect. The choreography was good, but for me, there was WAY too much singing. I get that it is a musical, but come on! Almost the entire movie was in song. Overall it was kind of boring and seeing certain people as cats was kind of creepy even if it was supposed to be that way.
I went and saw this movie today and it was absolutely spectacular! I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it! It truly was such a magical movie and the talent in every single cast member is extraordinarily beautiful! Because I am a musical theatre lover the music in the movie was phantasmagorical!! I overall found every moment of the film enchanting and magical!
I actually really enjoyed it. Critics opinions really don't matter to me. If you love the musical and anything Andrew Lloyd Webber, you will be quite entertained. My only negative comment would be Jennifer Hudson. I've always thought she was overrated and I think they could have found someone better to play that role.
I loved the connection and portrayals of each character.Its slow to start out but eventually reveals the wonder of the story and the feelings that are aroused through the music.Im a cat dad so of course it was a good movie.
Not worth the money for tickets. I have never walked out of a theater before because the movie was so bad, until I saw this movie. Didn't even last half the movie.
I loved it- the critics didn't like it because nobody uses profanity- nobody gets killed... it has nice music and dance- and a message about being kind to those less fortunate.
If you like broadway then you will love movie.The music was amazing!I enjoyed it.
I've never seen CATS at a theatre or even knew what the storyline was, other than it was about cats. So, with that, I have no comparisons to make regarding other performances/venues. My wife, her sister and I thoroughly enjoyed it. For myself, I'm not much into musicals, but this was a nice clean break from the rot that Hollywood throws at us. I've heard this had bad reviews, all based on the theatrical versions. Well, some of us don't get to travel to NY or where ever to drop lots of cash at the theatre. This was really fun and entertaining.
The costumes were great and love Rebel Wilson and Jason Derlulo but it was a little boring at times
I took my mom we had both seen the broadway play and were interested in this. We LOVED it, left singing the songs and even playing the soundtrack when we got home! The dancing, costumes and singing were amazing!I would suggest reading a synopsis of the show before you go if you havent seen the play there is no character development so you would get lost not knowing who they are. We will be buying the DVD as she wants to see it again!
Wonderful physical dancing and beautiful characters!
I wish I can erase this from my brain, this is horrible it gave me nightmares and I didn't even finish it I walked out after an hour.
To much music not enough acting
Loved it! Exactly like it should have been...I love the music and the characters were great!
People Don't Understand Is That This Really Is A Broadway Show. Not An Actual Scripted Movie. This Purr-Fect Moviw Left On A High Note But, Some Of The Movie Did Not Make Sense!
Ame.....zing.......... Hahahahahahahaha
Total entertainment!! Critics were wrong!!
This film is truly awful. There was one good song and the rest of the film was just really bad.
I was lead to believe by the opinions of people and critics that I value the opinion of that this was going to be butchered beyond belief, that the CGI was painful, that it was a horror to behold, that it had no plot! In response to seeing it myself tonight I have to admit, Well, okay sure the CGI wasnt great, but thats all I agree with.Look I'm a Cats purist the video release in 1998 is the cats bible and anything that strays from this is repugnant. But this movie is... just excellent!The singers obviously took inspiration from how these songs are supposed to be sung! Except Rebel and not surprisingly only her performance was the one I liked the least. Everyone else was marvelous, Victoria was beautiful and young and curious and fun, Munkustrap was handsome and dashing and a leading man, Mistoffelees was not played they way he supposed to be but the actor was very good at making him adorable and lovable regardless. What I hated most? the rude people in the cinema talking and coughing and sneezing and farting and carrying on! Can't wait to buy it on DVD to really enjoy it in peace. To be completely honest i see why people felt uncomfortable by the full suit CGI because it makes the people underneath who are really dancing look like they are puppets being pulled about on strings, but once you move past that and appreciate this performance for what it is, you will love it. Though i think only people who truly know, understand and LOVE cats will love this movie.
God, worst movie ever. From the garbage animation flaws to just being so cringy over all. Dont spend your money on this.
Well, I don't think it was as bad as most. I think Taylor Swift and Jennifer Hudson make this watchable. I will say you have to get through the first 45 minutes to get to the best part of the movie. So wait for DVD and watch it.
not the same as the stage version, however this star studded movie was fantastic with great choreography
The entire movie was very enjoyable.My wife & I went on Christmas day, as a treat, we live 48 miles from a theater.The costumes were awesome, the ears & tails caught my attention at once.The dancing was uniquely choregraphed & the songs were the dialogue!Still can't get "memories" out of mind.
A beautiful piece of art.
I liked the story, understood the story better than in the play.
Dancing was amazing but really feel live performance does more justice.There were good partsbut story line does not carry in a movie format. Majority of cast was excellent.
Storyline was just ok.
The movie was quite astounding. The CGI fur technology was quite weird at first but then i got used to it. The movie did have its own magic and it was elegant. The music on this movie was simply incredible.
Ive seen Cats on stage in NYC twice. The movie added the effects and the close-ups I couldnt see previously. The sound was fantastic and the individual performances were spot-on!Highly recommended!
It's excellent. And I am so disgusted by how many bandwagon jumping morons keep watching this movie with such cynicism
It was pretty fab. The actors the music and Jennifer Hudson wow.
Love the dancing and music, but hey, its Andrew Lloyd Weber!
Horrific, awful, a mess.I can't even begin to describe how bad this movie is.WTF were they thinking???
I thought the movie was even better than the play... it had the ability to move between different set locations to make the descriptions of those particular cats more understandable. Seeing the story through the eyes of Victoria was special, AND the way MEMORIES was done brought more than just a tear to my eyes.... Cats will rank as one of the BEST movies I have seen in a long time.
Cats wasnt so horrible, but it definitely wasnt good. I liked the newly added song, it was very good. There was a huge discrepancy in sizes which made everything weird. Sometimes the cats were big and in the same scene they could be really small. The camera work was wobbly, like it was an action flick instead of a musical. I love Dame Judy Dench, but really?! There was no one else who could sing and act?!?There were a few good parts: the new song, James Cordons performance, the number on the railroad tracks and Jennifer Hudsons very last song. This movie wasnt bad enough to be laughed at, but certainly not good enough to be considered good.
Difficult to follow. The ballet dancing gets 5 stars for the lead actors.
I think the bad reviews exist because people went to the cinema expecting a complex plot, however, Cats is not about that, Cats is about performance, music and dancing. it has magic, it has ballet, it has tap dance, it has amazing scenarios and beautiful colours, incredible performances and great acting. That's what you should expect when you go. My only problem was the bad CGI, it looked rushed like they didn't have time to finish it, at one point I think Victoria lost her nose for a second and that's the only reason I don't give it 5 stars. I genuinely believe that if the CGI is fixed, it will become a classic, just as the Broadway production did.
Horrible. Boring. First time in many years I had seen a bad movie.
I walked in with super low expectations. As a result, I walked out pleasantly pleased if not thrilled. Francesca Hayward's performance as Victoria is delightful. My Mom absolutely loved it.
I thought it was beautiful and true to the play.Made me so happy.Cant wait to see it again and again.
Very entertaining with top notch singing and dancing. Would have liked the big named stars to have had more than one song/number (i.e. Taylor Swift). Overall, we enjoyed it more than we thought we would.
Unlike most people, I liked Cats.I saw the stage show in London in 1995.The performances in the movie were excellent and even better than the show.I will say that Cats is not for everyone and it is not a satisfying experience if you expected anything more.
The movie was so dark (couldnt see anything around the characters) and the characters themselves were so dark, couldnt tell who played which cat.The movie in general was dismal and we requested a refund from theater.
Filming in the beginning of the movie was all over the place. The camera was not steady, made me a little dizzy.
I love this movie despite what the critics thought. I was thoroughly entertained and I would like to see it again
Great movie all around - loved the dancing singing and COSTUMES!
Fantastic costuming and great acting.Ignore the critics -- it's fun and it is a fantasy, after all!
IT WAS HORRIBLE!! CAN I GET MY MONEY BACK!!??
Absolutely IGNORE any and all CATS hater reviews and GO SEE THIS MOVIE!This is a tour de force with an immensely talented cast, gorgeous dance and voice choreography, phenomenal costuming and staging. The list goes on. When I read the negative reviews, I question if people have seen it, are cat haters in real life, or if humanity has devolved into tearing up artistic endeavors because political hatred and slamming no longer satisfies our bloodlust. So here's a small list of what I noticed and loved and I plan to see it several more times to catch things I know I missed:Technical details like tufts in the cats ears and ears that moved and twitched and tails that curled like question marks or straightened out depending on mood, fear, etc.Just like cats in real life. The utter sadness of being an abandoned or never owned and/or loved cat, or being a no longer wanted cat, just like a discarded person or someone who is marginalized in society (we can all name a group of people or individual here that we feel passionate about). The need to belong and stick together when the rest of the world leaves you. The incredible difficulty of aging gracefully (Grizzabella and Gus the Theater Cat)and sadness that accompanies it when beauty fades, those you've loved are gone, the swiftness of life etc. Jennifer Hudson's rendition of "Memory" caused tears to free flow for me and clearly it was sung from a deep and heartfelt place. ( Some of us know what that surely is).She was cast perfectly. Taylor Swift did a tremendous job penning and complimenting Memory with "Beautiful Ghosts". If you have ever loved and lost a person, a beloved pet, how could you not be moved?Judy Dench as Old Deutreonomy was perfectly cast as a wise old woman who dispenses wisdom to the younger cats and to us.Jason Derulo as the Rum Tum Tugger was sexy and playful. Victoria (Francesca Hayward) and Mr Mistoffelees (Laurie Davidson) were captivating in every way from their incredible dance technique to their compassion and emotion.And the mirror image cats Mungo Jerry and Rumble Teaser were adorably mischievous and spot on as playful kitties! The ever lurking Macavity (Idris Elba)was scary and illustrated the snare that temptation is for cats (and us). I could go on and on with the depth of character that was captured in cat costumes.Not an easy task to master.Rebel Wilson as Jenny Anydots has been slammed as embarrassing. It's not. Why the fat shaming, critics?She perfectly plays a sedentary cat who like Willy Wonka opens up a world of imagination with her trained dancing mice and cockroach chorus line. I feel bad not naming all the other characters but truly each one captured the spirit of their cat's NAME.Just like us!We all like to be the individuals we were created to be, fly the "freak flag" that defines who we are, and above all it captures how we each have a universal need to be loved and understood. Tackling the deep and heavy issues of death and what comes after, illustrates a great hope and how those left behind coexist with the beautiful sadness of beautiful ghosts. I hope this movie goes on to win awards for its technical brilliance, amazing choreographed dancing and singing too.If you have ever loved a cat, or a person, then you know the fierce desire to be independent and yet loved for who we are, as we are, runs deep. So rebel against the hatred in this world and ignore the FAKE reviews by those in the snobby elite, and go see this movie!!. You will be entertained by a visual and auditory feast and perhaps if your heart is open you will learn from these furry creatures how to be a better human. Perhaps you'll even decide to adopt a stray and then you too can wrestle with the wonderful question of "who saved who?"This is more than a movie, it IS a work of art and HEART. Thank you!Liz G
Oh god, this has traumatised me, I'm never going near a cat ever again...
Very good - especially if you have seen the stage show.Though cutting out parts of Growl Tiger's last stand song was disappointing
it made me dizzy.....constant changes of viewing pt... You couldn't even see the dancers because it bounced around so much... I had to close my eyes... money back please
What a load of garbage don't waste your money.
Giving this film half a star is generous. I wanted the ground to swallow me up and spew me out in hell rather than continue watching this film. Watching my cat do a dump in her litter tray was more exciting than putting myself through this. If you want to enjoy a few hours of your life stay clear of this film. I love cats but not this film. Yuck.
The vocals, sets, costumes, were all amazing, and kept to the original story enough to keep it authentic.Every stage play adapted to a movie has new songs, and twists to the original.Cats is no different.The new songs are lovely, the new character is sweet, the story and original songs are the same.
Graphics didnt match up characters. Poor production
When the stage play of Cats came to video, I loved it.The stage show was an emotional journey.This movie distracted me with crappy CGI.Don't waste your time or money.
I loved the costumes and makeup. The cats dance movements and singing. The movie was extroidinary.
Excellent choreography and music.Jennifer Hudson's performance was stellar.
Don't understand the bad reviews. Loved this so much, was one of the best movies I've seen all year.Loved the music, dance, staging, the freshness and boldness of it. Will be watching this again.
It was not a bad movie but it was really really weird.
the story is so confusing and boring and the cgi is not good lol
I may be going purely on the nostalgic memories, but once you get used to the costumes the actual movie is not that bad. I didn't like what half the comedy they tried to put in, but I did laugh during James part during his song! I think it's the don't judgebook by its cover thing going on here! If you like s the musical even a little I'm a sure uou would like the movie
Great film. If you love Cats the musical you will love the movie. Same fantastic music and songs. Amazing professional dancers. What's to not like about it?
Disturbingly awesome. Worth it
Loved the music, but the visuals could be better. If you love musicals then go see cats! 
A must see if you are either a musical theater or cat lover. You are not getting a really easy detailed storyline or modern popsy Disney songs (if that's a must for you then better skip it), instead it's filled with marvelous singing, dancing and performing. Totally worth the chance.
I really enjoyed the new movie. I can understand why many didn't like it, because the plot is drastically different from the original musical. However, when viewed as a singular movie rather than part of a large musical franchise, I think it was great.As far as cinematography and everything that went into making the movie, it was incredibly well done. The music was beautiful, the dancing was fun and entertaining. The animation is very convincing.I understand why people find Cats unnerving, because it's humans playing cats. However, once you get over that initial thought and accept the appearance of human-like cats, you can see how much detail they put into the features and reactions that are so similar to our feline friends in real life.Like I mentioned before, some may not like the changes to the plot. In the original show, there isn't a clear villain exactly. It mainly focuses on introducing the cats. In this interpretation they make the cat Macavity evil, and he gets rid of his opponents during a singing competition so he can win the opportunity to be reborn. There is also an underlying romance plot between Victoria and Mr. Mistoffelees. And of course, Grizabella's storyline is smashed in there as well. I thought it was a nice take on the original show.I think they did a good job with casting; they used a wide range of actors and celebrities that would draw in varying age groups. The movie was hilarious at the right moments, with the help of Rebel Wilson and James Corden.As far as music, the soundtrack is gorgeous. The cast is vast in talented singers, spearheaded by the incredible Jennifer Hudson. However, there were some characters that seemed more suited towards dancing than singing, which is totally fine. There was a slight change to the list of songs. One was taken out from the original repertoire, and a new one called "Beautiful Ghosts." I thought this song was a great addition to the story. The dancing was also very fun; every number has you smiling, crying, or bopping your head. It showcases various styles, but mainly ballet. I really enjoyed the behavioral traits of cats that are imbedded in the dance numbers.Anyways, to recap: I really enjoyed the movie. Those who are Cats purists will probably hate the changes made to the plot, but I think it made for a wonderful reimagining of T.S. Eliot's words.
Aside from two good songs, the movie was pretty bad. Some bizarre scenes of cats disappearing and a cat who is dancing while eating roaches with human faces. Quite mortifying.
As an admittedly casual fan of the stage play, I found it an enjoyable experience.The pacing was good, the music was excellently performed, and the cast was top notch.It is a niche film.Of that there can be no doubt.But I found it to be a competent, and even at points inspired, adaptation of the source material.
Fabulous music, dancing, and fun movie!The critics got it wrong.The choreography was amazing and the new song adds so much to the storyline.I loved it!
I feel asleep and woke up to memory by Jenifer Hudson. And needed box ou tissues that part woke me up to the rest. And the abandoned cat was incredible
Who in their sane mind think those character designs are good? It's a nightmare of a movie where you see naked furries and half naked furries doing their satan summoning dance ritual.
I loved the movie!The critics and reviews suggesting it is too sexual... clearly have their mind in the gutter. It is an entertaining adaptation of a Broadway MUSICAL- something that most seem to be forgetting.If you appreciate great dancing, singing, and fun- this movie is for you! If you love to jump on the bandwagon and hate whats popular to hate, might as well just save your money.
Really enjoyed the movie. Enjoyed the songsEnjoyed the actors Enjoyed the cat mannerisms Was surprised by the reviews as we all liked it
Que demonios es esta mierda!!!!, es la peor pelicula del ao que he visto!!!! No se cual era su intencin
Jennifer Hudson singing was the only good part in the whole movie, other than that....yuck
I really loved this as an excuse to hear music and see dancing in a whimsical setting. I will gladly recommend it, especially the unfixed version. But it has a lot of issues that will rightly put most people off of it. But I found it engaging enough that I could power through the many, many problems Cats has. If it isn't pulled from theaters in the next few days then I'll probably catch it again.
The most boring movie I have ever seen this year. Such a wasting time.
Really Bad Version of a amazing Broadway musical. Walked out within 10 minutes.
I liked the movie much better that the stage play.Just enough dialogue to connect the meaning and transitions. Jennifer Hudson deserves an Oscar.She was AMAZING
Loved it!Had never seen Cats before on the stage, so being able to see it on the screen was terrific!
Not super sure what this was about.. or what a gelical cat is... but those cats sure can sing.
Great music and singing.More for Broadway than the average moviegoer.
Thought it was better than the Broadway Play - which I fell asleep in the middle of! I was able to follow the story and really enjoyed it
Loved Cats' - such a clever interpretation of a beloved panto. Especially loved Judy Dench and Sir Ian McKellen's character interpretations . Loved the interpretation of Memories'. Almost didn't go because of all the negative criticism - what was that all about ? Suggestive ? Threatened by the cat people ? Apart from issues with accuracy of such criticisms , where is your imagination?
I went into this movie thinking it would be the worst thing I have seen since Emma Watson and John Boyegas The Circle. I knew nothing about the musical and had only heard Macavity, Memory, and Beautiful Ghosts. Was the CGI a little freaky at points? Yes. Was there a moment where I wondered why we were in the theater watching it? Yes. The music had its moments where it was a little campy, but having A-list celebs, such as Jennifer Hudson, Taylor Swift, and Jason Derulo, belt out songs that were once only attainable to be seen on stage is amazing. And, despite what has been said, there was an obvious storyline. You just had to pay attention. I, along with my grandparents who went with me, found the CGI to be a little iffy, but at least we didnt get served an animated cat with Taylor Swifts voice like we got with Beyoncs Nala back in July. We got solid acting, singing, and a storyline that was easy to see and was very well received by my group and those around us. Everyone in our theater laughed, cried, and questioned at what we watched. 9.5 out of 10 would watch again
Ive always loved Cats...
Great dancing, great singing, wild visuals. Very enjoyable. Sure it has a thin plot, but it's a musical; the plot is just an excuse to string a bunch of music / dance numbers together, which is common in musicals. They use great singers for the songs, great dancers (Francesca Hayward is fantastic!) for the dancing and great actors for the dramatic parts. The supporting cast is obviously a bunch of West End / Broadway veterans. All in all an excellent movie.
Jennifer Hudson was the best part!
Im not one to walk out from a movie but this one really tested me. I wouldnt waste my money on it.
What should have been an uplifting movie was simply joyless.
I just can't see why does it have that 16% score
in a word. Bad.in a haiku.a cats life is greatlet's all sing how great it iswe all want to die.
Much of it lacking in personality, the exception being Grimalshanks
A little strange for me.
The singing, the dancing. It was sexy and funny. It's supposed to be a comedy featuring people pretending to be cats, and that's exactly what it was. Funny and sweet.
I Couldnt wait for the movie to end!
Slow in its pacing and not humorous in its attempts to be so..
GREAT singing,dancing... almost as exciting as the play! Reviewers of this movie must all be millennials who won't read the TS Eliot poems in order to understand what a 'jellical' moon is. I was prepared to dislike it, but instead my difficult-to-please family ALL enjoyed it. Critics be dambed! PS: we HATED the highly rated Uncut Gems! Methinks it's all political now.
I liked it! Jennifer Hudson did an amazing job as Grizabella and Judi Dench was an excellent Deuteronomy. Steven McRae (who I never heard of before seeing this movie) did quite an impressive tap routine as Skimbleshanks, the railroad cat. Kudos also to Taylor Swift for a lovely cameo and Rebel Wilson and James Corden for hilarious physical comedy. I think much of the negativity lies in the fact that the producers did not update the orchestration very much, and they relied on synthesizers for some of the main motifs--this was very much the vogue when CATS first came out, but now sounds a bit dated and campy. Also, besides the fabulous tap routine and a brief nod to hip hop, the choreography didn't take enough artistic risks and also feels a bit dated. If you love the stage play, you'll likely really like the movie.
Let's be honest, most people won't like it. They lack the ability to enjoy a good musical in it's entirety. I will admit that we could have done without the Taylor Swift number and Idris Elba character would have worked better with some minor adjustments. Overall loved it
What the hell did I just watch??
I really enjoyed this movie. J. Hudson and T. Swift were amazing as were the leads- outstanding dancers/actors. Don't listen to critics. I saw the broadway Cats which was confusing at times. Otherwise, I wouldn't compare the two. That takes away from enjoying the movie as is.It's pure entertainment and artistry.
Not since "Movie 43" can I recall such a perfect storm of bad ideas sweeping up so much genuine talent in its awkward, jittery wake. I would say that "Cats" is a colossal swing and a miss, but it evokes more images of darts than it does baseball. Images of someone playing darts with a spear and a dartboard the size of a dime, that is. Plotless, uncomfortable, and just plain unholy-looking, this not only marks a dark day in the filmographies of everyone involved, but a sour, ominous capstone atop the 2019 cinematic landscape. Not really a hot take here, but I think people would be better off avoiding this one.
Really awful rendition of a musical I really enjoyed on stage.
My dad forced me to put this review on here and said he was so upset there wasnt a rope to hang himself in the theater for how bad this movie was
It was literally awful.
What the actual hell did I just watch, The combined Godfather and Jaws sequels were better than this.
Dark, slow, did not do justice to the musical
I took my family for Christmas, within the first 15 minutes of the film we all walked out. It was by far the worst movie we had ever seen. There is 0 talking, only singing. The story line was unclear and it was painful to watch. Boring, bad singing, bad dancing, bad story line. DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY ON THIS FILM.
It wasn't clear what movie was about in the beginning.
Dancing, music and voices wereAMAZING!!
What the F<@^#^@&*&^@^#&#**()#&#&#((^#&#^@^@_++^/&@@*&#^<*^#^#^#_##<*@*@%#%@<!<+_/_*>#_*!*?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?.... Ahhhh my eyes burn!!!!!
real shit what were u guys thinking
Slow at first then fantastic!
A good movie to watch under the influence of lots of herbs, but I wouldnt see this sober.
I loved it!It was funny and the story was delightful with an ending that leaves you feeling good. Jennifer Hudson brought me to tears with her song.My husband didn't want to see the movie because of all of the bad reviews, but after seeing it, even he couldn't understand why the critics gave it such bad reviews.He said they were clearly over exaggerated.I think the critics must have been paid off by some dog person to have given the movie such ridiculous and unfounded bad reviews!If you are a cat person, go see the movie! And if you are not, maybe you will become one after you see Cats!
I don't leave movie reviews but this was so bad I wanted to ask for a refund of my money and my time. Please do not see this movie.
Im not sure reviewers and moviegoers saw the same movie I did. Full disclosure. I loved the stage version. The plot is obvious if you listen at all, but the movie addition of Victoria allows for further explanation. Also, McCavitys actions are never fully explained on stage but make perfect sense here. If a reviewer doesnt like the play, just dont go see the movie. Go see this movie 
Very boring and fell asleep twice during it. I love musicals but the was horrible
It is singing from beginning to end. Hard for know what the story line is about when all theyre doing is singing and dancing.
The plot was extremely difficult to follow. The majority of the songs were unfamiliar.It was also very hard to understand the dialogue between the cast members.
The music, songs and scenes were outstanding
The singing and dancing was amazing. It was fun to see the theatre musical brought to a new level with great costumes and affects.
What was that? It was slightly racist, really boring and there was little explanation as to what the plot was.
The movie gave me cancer. Rip
While it wasn't perfect and some moments felt out of place, I really enjoyed it as a fan of the stage show! And despite what others have said, the CGI didn't bother me in the slightest. Also, I definitely cried. Multiple times.
Love it. I don't know why someone people are hating on it, but I am glad I didn't listen to them and just went and enjoyed myself.
Most disturbingthing to have ever rested my eyes upon. And believe me I've seen some fucked up shit
If you like dance (ballet, tap, contemporary etc) then you will enjoy this movie
Boring, they say the play is a lot better, we didnt understand the concept of the movie, I slept half of the movie, not worth watching, I want my money back!
For the love of God, whatever you do this holiday season, do not - I said, repeat: DO NOT - see CATS.It's literally the most disturbing movie I've ever seen in my life. I ended up having a panic attack at the hour mark and had to leave the theater because it triggered an anxiety attack from me. It literally made me feral. Like... A cat.It's not a movie. It's an experience. A psychological musical horror escape room of the mind. It constantly puts you on fight or flight mode. Everything computing in your eyes tells your brain that you should run. It's a thing of nightmares. A modern day fun house full of "clowns" That distort reality, except that these clowns were Cats with human hands that never made sense.I walked away not knowing what was real. I took a stroll after through the park to look at something natural. But was it natural? Or is CATS what we're all supposed to become? In this, what is actually truth?As I stumbled down this endless circle, this deep, dark void of shifting perspectives and weird ASMR moans, growls, and slurps, I realized something: nothing matters anymore.This is what the world looks like now, whatever the eff that is... A world devoid of irony and self-awareness. A world full of chaos and confusion. We have become the thing we most despise, it's most grotesque and hellish form:We are the Jellicle Cats.
It seemed a bit long just not what I hoped for but my son liked it so I guess that is what matters.
it was amazing it touched my heart and it was so cute!!
No story, terrible visuals. Makes DragonBall Evolution and The Last Airbender look great.
didnt watch but trailer is trash
I knew going in this would suck, and I wasn't proven wrong.
The phrase " what in the **** did i just watch? " comes to mind.... That's pretty much all i can honestly say about this.
Loved everything about it
This was an awful movie. What a waste of time and
There is no god, and if there was, it died along with the light inside of me after that movie came into existence.
Jennifer H. really belted it out. The dancing was amazing and so was the choreography.
I really enjoyed this movie. I knew what it was going in so there were no surprises, including some things wrong with the movie like the incomplete CGI. The music, as always, was beautiful the dancing was exquisite the new music was gorgeous the little changes in the plot and telling of the story didn't interfere with the story the actors were fantastic.
If you are a fan of the original stage production there are some solid throw backs and some major deficiencies. Go in with an open mind and you may find some bright spots and new things to love. Go in with expectations and you are sure to be sorely disappointed.
Fail asleep on two different occasions during the movie. Two 20 minute cat-naps.
I've never sat in a theater with so little audience reaction. The James Corden and Rebel Wilson comedic lines fell flat.Not a chuggle in the house. The CGI background (see Railway cat dancing on railway bridge) looked ridiculous. That got a couple of laughs from the folks in my row.
A truly painful experience from top to bottom
Cats movie was terrible from start to finish.
My 6 yo daughter and I loved it. The rest of the family hated it. You have to love musical theater to appreciate it.
Poor quality acting.Costumes were bad. Dancing was not of good quality.
I made this account just to proclaim how terrible this movie is. The first ten minutes I was having thoughts about if it was too late to just call it quits on this movie, but wrongfully chose to stick it out anyways. I no longer feel fear because I know god has left us. Even if the characters didn't look like my sleep paralysis demon I was always completely unaware all the time as to what was happening at all. Overall terrible movie.
Enjoyed it, many people just dont understand musicals.
that was the worst movie i've ever seen. i can't stand looking at the grey cat played by robbie fairchild. don't get me wrong, robbie fairchild himself looks alright. great, even. but his cat is just bad to look at. i don't understand the story, especially jennifer hudson's cat's lore. (maybe i would if i had seen the musical?) i absolutely hated watching the cats eat the anthropomorphic cockroaches. i think this movie should be rated pg13. kids shouldn't have to deal with this horrific, scarring experience.
I enjoyed it very much.
Don't listen to the negative reviews.CATS is an awesome movie.Great singing, dancing, and story telling.Who cares about the CGI effects if they lack in a few places?This isn't Avatar or Star Wars.
Contrary to reviews I enjoyed the movie and the music too.
Fabulous! I was so moved by the dancers. Francesca Hayward's portrayal of Victoria was so elegant and graceful. The singing was very moving and I cried during Jennifer Hudson's singing of "Memory" as Grizzabella (the cat that no one wanted around). The movie, which is adapted from the musical of the same name, is about the imaginary and magical world of a community of cats. The meaning behind "Cats" is what we all want...to be accepted and loved. I've read alot of comments about the CGI and I just don't understand what the big deal is. The CGI enhances the fact that the dancers are cats. If it made them look like any other animal, besides cats, then I would understand all the fuss. Bottom line, if you appreciate the arts, you'll love this adaptation of "Cats".
Better than the reviews suggested.
It's good! It was entertaining! The reviews have done this movie a disservice!! The movie is Cats the musical in CGI. It follows the same plot as the musical and almost everything is the same and it may help you understand the story of CATS more... cons: the cgi does get a little weird at times and some of the singing could have been stronger but Jennifer Hudson was amazing as was Taylor Swift. You have to be a fan of CATS going in or you probably won't like it. I really enjoyed it and I'm a big fan of CATS.Know what you're getting into... this movie is not for everybody. It was fun.
sore on the eyes, sore on the ears... overall an unpleasant watch.
Just too many things that were wrong with this to list ... very disappointing
I like the musical so much that I disagree with the critics. The dancing and singing was terrific!
It was awful. We walked out after 15-20 minutes could not tell what the story line was
Only horrible Cats. This is definitely not a Cat Content. This weirdo Cats looks like a Hybrid of Human and Cat. Can not belive that Actors like the BigIan mckellen wnts this Shit. Kids have Fear and crying. Please do not look this Catnado
really have to have an appreciation for arts and humanity to drill into the very essence of Cats' moral. The actors individualized their personas and transformed into the roles naturally. Great chemistry overall
Loved it. No dislike
I felt the production value was great..yet the best songs were in the last 30 minutes! Taylor Swift and Jennifer Hudson were awesome..yawn to the middle hour.
Went to see Cats Christmas Day and loved it!!!We thought the entire cast was awesome! Our favorites we Dame Judi Dench, Taylor Swift, James Cordon, and Rebel Wilson. Wikipedia has a great quick explanation how the CATS were created. Amazing what went into creating this.
Loved it. Saw it twice already. Loved the costumes, the singling and dancing. Some computer glitches and weird movements, and Taylor Swift was a disappointment. But well worth seeing if you are a Cats stage show fan.
Who actually thought this was a good Idea to make this movie?
I think the movie was great ART and how to understand the cats specially Victoria how she danceIt was so easing ,and Taylor siwft macavity was so great and memoryI don't know why so many people hate it I hope it wins an Oscar 
Choreography and costumes were great. Singing average except for Jennifer Hudson. The story line was poorly developed. If I hadn't seen the play I would not have appreciated the progression of the story.
I'd heard a lot about this movie before it came out, pretty much all negative.So needless to say I went in with expectations of a poor movie.But it really was a great movie, the main complaint about the odd choice of CGI for the actors really didn't detract from the movie overly much.In the end I think if our a fan of musicals you'll love this, and it certainly had a long list of familiar celebrity faces.
it was shit worse movie i have seen in a long time
Wtf no no no no no dont dont see it
Loved the realism of Cats movements and facial expressions. Beautiful singing!! Moving and end entertaining!
Oh my, I am not a "cat person," but I like T.S. Elliott, I appreciated the abilities of the stage production I saw in the 1980's. This is not a move from stage to film, this terribly weird CGI'd production ranks down next to Waterworld as a back alley hack. I do like some of the actors (but not pop stars), I'd like to see them in another production, but I won't even rewatch this for free on streaming television.
Fun musical film ! Anthropomorphism (the attribution of human characteristics or behavior to an animal.) at its absolute finest. I loved it !Go see it. If you've ever seen the theatre production then you MUST see this. If you've not seen it then go with an open mind. Read the poetry it's based on. Adapted from Andrew Lloyd Webber's stage musical, itself inspired by T.S. Eliot's whimsical poems ; Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats. About a tribe of cats called the Jellicles. Who gather once a year to see which of their number will be given the opportunity to ascend to the Heaviside layer. Cats the movie is a slick, computer-enhanced celeb-fest with meticulously choreographed set-pieces taking place in a version of London .Francesca Hayward's 'Victoria' a Principal Ballerina at the Royal Ballet takes centre stage in this remarkable portrayal of the original West End production of Cats. She is not exactly verbose, but her eyes talk plenty, wearing a nonplussed expression throughout as she tries to figure out what in the name of Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats is going on. The score compliments the original 'Webber' magic and stays basically true to the stage musical.If you want a visual feast, knowingly camped up performances from a stellar cast and some beautiful dance & musical numbers this film is a winner. A very well made sentiment to the original stage musical that those who have seen the West End musical will understand totally.
This is the worst movie Ive seen in years. Do not waste your time on this poorly animated disaster
I have been a fan of the original since its debut. An exact copy of that would not play on the big screen. That being said, this movie is NOT the aberration it is being made out to be. Sure, some of the choreography has been updated. Sure, the song arrangements are not note-for-note copies. If you want that, go see the stage version (or listen to its soundtrack). Might not be one I would want to own, but I do not regret seeing it and will recommend it to anyone who asks.
I thought the movie was good.Music and dancing was amazing.
Horrible. Should have been left at Broadway. Bought 13 tickets for my entire family to go Christmas Day...6 of them fell asleep. Total disappointment.
Worst shit I have seen
Really don't under the negativity. An enjoyable experience. I think that it has become "cool" to disparage Cats
shit asf
It was boring.I slept through some of it.The best part was Judi Dench.
It was just like the broadway show. Obviously critics never saw it.
Very good show. I really enjoyed it. The actors did an amazing job. Music was beautiful
DameJudy Dench was a joy.
it wasnt what we thought it would be!
I was never confused while watching, but I cant explain the plot to you now. Once I got in there an hour went by but it felt like 10 minutes, I think I transcended time and space.
Did not enjoy, and if you hadn't seen the Broadway musical then you'd be completely lost. Essentially two hours of furries nuzzling each other and dancing erotically
If you like the musical, the movie is a great screen adaptation. Talented acting and great singing. If you think a movie about fantastical human like cats singing is going to be weird and awful then dont go see it because thats what it is.
Great use of CGI on the tails and ears. Wonderful singing. viewers should read the book before. That would give them a better understanding of the musical.
It's actual garbage don't waste your time and money on this sh*tshow
So bad from start to finish. Only thing half good was the dance technique. Vocals, production, CGI, all awful.
fairly faithful to the musical but a little bit long
Jennifer Hudsons part was beyond phenomenal. It was worth sitting through almost 2 hours of a terrible movie. I really wanted to like it but it was so poorly done.
If you want to have a terrible time, go see this movie. If you watch the whole thing without looking away or falling asleep, I'll give you $100 dollars. Not only is it hard to look at, it's boring.
The movie plot was twisted compared to the stage production. Really kinda sad. I wish it couldve come out better...
I was actually surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I must have seen a fixed version. I liked all of the actors though Rebel Wilson was my least favorite. The only thing I did not like were the mice and cockroaches. if you know the play, you could get into this version. Was t great? No but it was worth seeing.
It had some great visuals, although it took some getting used to the faces. They tried too hard to force a plot into a show that really doesnt have a plot. If youre a true fan of the stage production, youll be disappointed.
Just Eh for me, Rebel Wilson's character was strange and out of place and there was emotion missing.
Terrible creepy strange costumes. Crap acting , Aweful, Horrid music score. Overall this movie is bad bad bad
Was very enjoyable.Loved the music.
Mixed- clever, great idea, but I dont think ALW pulled it off- just bad music!! But some excellent dancing and some scenes were lovely- 50/50- part train wreck and part sweet- the CGI for the animal fur was fantastic- as was Jennifer Hudson, with Memmory- worth seeing. But very flawed-
I suppose if you don't like Broadway musicals, have never seen the Broadway production of Cats, have never read T.S. Eliot's "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" and don't like the music of Andrew Lloyd Webber then you probably won't like this movie. The singing alone is worth the price of admission.
I don't understand why the critics have panned this.If you like the play Cats, you will enjoy this.Even my husband who didn't particularly like the play, thought the movie was great.It made the storyline much more understandable than the play.
If you're not a fan of the show this movie it's not for you.
Loved Cats. Singing and dancing was terrific. The critics are crazy! It was great!
Changed a lot from the stage production.Didnt fee drawn to the characters.Would have preferred less stars and more of the original show.
Despite the nay-sayers, this is a FANTASTIC movie.I was excited to see it, having seen the play 4 times (once in London!) and it was everything and more that I envisioned!I will see it a second, maybe even a third time!GO!!!
Should have listened to the Rotten Tomato reviews.
Some plays need to remain in the stagetheater...this was one of them.
Phenomenal voices, makeup, & costumes, anyone who is giving it bad reviews must not understand musical theater. Jennifer Hudsons version of Memory gave me chills!!!
the worst thing that happened to cats since dogs
It was good but not as wonderful as how I remember the live performance.
I was enjoying this ironically and laughing at it. Then I found myself actually enjoying it and caring about these insane cats. This was plain fun!
Ouch!!! My eyes, my eyes!!! Ridiculously bad.
Boring... too much sing.. 2.5 star..
WHY? Why wasting so much money? Why wasting so much time? Why?
Cool background special effects but that could not cover up the fact that the actresses and musicians featured superimposed on these anthropomorphic cat bodies I just plainly do not enjoy their work and this film did not help to change my mind one bit. This is a musical I had wanted to see since the Simpsons "all syrup squishee" skit . This was not worth the wait. I've read and seen better tales about reincarnation, this just is not the one. The whole cast of "Cats" should be ashamed that they signed up for this garbage. Looks like the doubters of Will Smith in "Six Degrees of Separation" were right - the idea of this film is preposterous. I love cats, I do not love this.
The saying "weird is wonderful" is not always true.
Cats is an abomination that should never have been made.
3 words: Furries are trash.
It is surreal, but not as unpleasant as the reviews would make it out to be. We did see the emergency edit version downloaded by theatres worldwide, where human curves were toned down, and at least one goof was fixed in post. Drags in the middle but winds up enjoyably. It makes no more sense than any cartoon/Disney kid movie, and when viewed that way, it's enjoyable enough. Just don't expect a cultural experience.
I heard there were vfx issues that were patched with this movie I thought everything was of good or very good quality as of Dec.25th. Weakest Songs were the body image cats (Rebel) and (Corbin)the 4th wall break fat jokes just fall flat. Everything is great and I look forward to taking my nieces.
Cats was the first musical I saw live as a child. I also have grown up attending a variety of musicals of different types. Cats has a cult following- either you live it or you dont. I loved it when I was younger and honestly loved it even more in film. The dancing and the way the actors moved and danced has always brought me joy. This movie isnt for everyone because not everyone can understand it or take it for the fact that its just silly and fun. But I will go buy tickets and watch it again with my four year old son (who LOVED it) before it leaves theaters.
Absolute trash. I walked in the theater because of Taylor Swift and the rest of the iconic cast but ended up walking out within the first few minutes of the movie. The animation and graphics have scarred me for life.
The cast, the set, the dancing, the singing - everything about this film was phenomenal!!! It's a peculiar and beautiful story that is remade and updated for this era. Highly recommend seeing this film 
Love the music of Andrew Lloyd Weber!
Primeira vez que sa no meio do filme durante a sesso de cinema
Oh dear god... This was a horrible film. Talanted cast, horrible outcome.
This movie was a wonderful adaptation of the Broadway musical. The naysayers had no intention of liking this movie and the bad reviewers on reddit are busy cracking themselves up. The people who went to the musical and watched the dvd will appreciate it. Andrew Lloyd Webber's songs are timeless.
I was taught not to speak unless I have something good to say.The Make-Up was impressive......
I loved it. I already loved the musical and all of the songs so I am totally OK with cat/human hybrids - that's what imagination is for. The musical is largely dance based with hardly any plot so I can understand that the movie would be difficult to comprehend if you are not familiar with the musical. I went in with very low expectations due to the universally savage critic reviews so perhaps that contributed to my enjoyment. In any case, I thought it was delightfully bizarre and I will not be surprised if it becomes a cult classic.
It was a very boring to watch the music was fine but I didn't need to watch it on a movie theater screen to me it was like a music video.But the costumes were fantastic
This movie is an abortion
What was there not to like, awesome cast, singing and dancing was phenomenal. I will see this again. Jennifer Hudson gave me chills singing Memories.
Music is amazing! A lot of fun to watch!
Excellent!However you must have a cat or love cats in order to understand the story.
I liked the movie Cats very much. The dancing and singing was excellent. Also the costumes were outstanding. If you truly enjoy live broadway plays, you will enjoy Cats
I loved the choreography and I love Jennifer Hudsons performance I would go see it again and I cant wait for the DVD to come out or the streaming to come out I just love her voice its not just a song when she sings you actually feel the passion in this song
Why? Just why anyone make this a movie. Just why?
The music and cast weren't at fault, but the animation feat was too ambitious. It wasn't ever likely to be flawless on the big screen and possibly will watch better on personal size screens where imperfections are less jarring. I'm still glad I saw it.
Liked it but liked the broadway show better
The bad CGI is super distracting, but it's a decent production of a legendary musical. If you're a fan of the original, you should check it out for J. Hudson alone. If you're not a fan of the source material, you're going to be bored as hell.
I personally found that after the initial shock went away and the look was normal, the film became not weird enough. Phenomenal job by cast. The plot seemed to be not understandable but is also the point, which is to be plotless. Overall I did appreciate the film and the commitment to making it.
Loved how they combined all the different dance styles, great acting, singing, sets, development of the different cat personalities.Better than seeing it on stage, can understand what is going on easier.
This film is not perfect, and I'll freely admit that. Dench, Hudson, Wilson, and definitely Swift all left a lot to be desired- please God I hope I never again have to heart Swift trying to sound like a weird mix of Marilyn Monroe and...whatever else she was going for. It didn't work, especially if you're a fan of the OBC. I kept noticing the actors' hands, which were "unpainted" and left normal, which pulled me out of the movie a few times.But damn me, the film is beautiful. The performances are incredible. The script fills in some of the details of the plot you don't get in the original musical, which is nice and really rounded out the story. The cats have a bit more personality and are able to show it in the film- especially Mr. Mistoffelees, who is downright adorable.I could go on, but at the end of the day, it's Cats. You'll like it or you'll hate it.
This movie was excruciatingly painful to watch, and it's honestly really sad when you think of how good it could've been , especially with such a high budget. But the thing is the Cats Broadway musical simply isn't meant to be adapted as a live action (if you can call it that, considering the amount of this infamous CGI that is one of the reasons why this movie went from a weird idea to an absolute dumpster fire of a movie in the public's eyes..) movie. It's all about the dancing and theatrical atmosphere, and isn't focused around the vague plot that it has, that musical was based off a poem! a movie , unless if brilliantly executed, which it is not here, simply is not the right media, and it really saddens me to see how disturbing this adaptation ended up being..
Hell has spawned this evil blasphemy just by watching a few minutes I felt that my insides started to boil from the very core of existence. I felt like the gluons holding onto quarks were stripped of their energy as if like had been sucked out of me. I admire this movie that defies physical laws in the very universe. Well done!
Loved dancing, choreography, sets, lighting, computer graphics, acting, singing, and that the tails and ears moved.
great costumes and beautiful voices
The most surreal thing I have ever witnessed, it was bizarre. An absolute must see!
Worse than the worst review says it is!
Worst movie ever, everything about it was bad except the cast. But the actors weren't enough to save this joke. The longest 2 hours of my life.
It wasCaa-CaaPoo-Poo
If you love the stage musical you will love this . The singing and dancing were excellent and film allows the story to be enhanced . Particularly enjoyed Ian McKellen as the theatre cat and Jennifer Hudson as Grisabella . Don't know why the critics were so harsh don't listen to them!
Forget the Critics.See what a fine film this is.
Just saw Cats. Had read reviews, but liked costumes, special effects,etc, so took a chance. Was almost persuaded to skip due to bad reviews. But wait! I COMPLETELY DISAGREE with negative comments. Score was good, but unfamiliar to most, and I blame that for neg Mark's. "Memory" with J. Hudson brought tears and I've already downloaded soundtrack. Dancing? Tremendous and beautifully choreographed.Ballet movements were so delicate. Dare I say "catlike"... And the tap dancing stirred my feet to move! Whatever about plot and vague, weird storyline? Those who didn't follow or didn't "get it" were most likely fans of action adventure and couldn't be bothered to THINK about what they were seeing. It was not satanic or devilish as a few commented. Rather it was about cats and their nine lives and memories. Oh, please people, just attend and follow (put away those cell phones and actually listen to the dialogue). Sigh...as for the rest of the neg comments, it was a fantasy AND a musical. And a good one. Why 4 stars...because I compared it to 5 plus star The Greatest Showman and Paint Your Wagon (just two of the greatest musicals ever).
I LOVED it! But, I love theatre. I loved the dancing, the beautiful music, the cats' ears were genius. The only thing that was a little strange was the cg effects on the dancing.
I loved the Cats film - with some casting flaws only.Go see it!Not to be missed Francesca Hayward as Victoria -- !The music is still fabulous, the dancing is superb. And the magic of Cats in the set design and digital technology is remarkable. One could not take their eyes off of Francesca Hayward as Victoria, such a spectacular dancer, as were the others in the cast who were in the touring shows, London or on Broadway.On the commercial side Jennifer Hudson, Judi Dench and Ian Mc Kellen were wonderful.The critics seem to "pounce" on the commercial aspect of the film, and couldn't appreciate most of it which was wonderful.The audience filled with adults and children loved it!I've never seen so many non-industry people stay for the closing credits.Big mistake trying to attract an audience with names, like , James Corden just okay, Idris Elba (who looked clumsy next to the real dancers), Taylor Swift (who stood out looking pigeon toed and not meant for Broadway -- like her music though) and Rebel Wilson who just was not good.These actors detracted from the movie and seemed to catch the critics wrath the most.This movie is well worth seeing, filmed beautifully, the dancers are incredible.And as for the story -- the play is more immersive, but the film highlighted more of the poetry and it's meaning both visually, and because you could understand the words which are often overwhelmed by the orchestra.I have seen Cats on stage many times, and in NY, but this film should be applauded not trashed by critics.
Pay no attention to what the professional critics are saying about Cats.It was fantastic!Yeah, there wasn't much of a plot, but if you saw the Broadway production, you'll know that there really wasn't any--it was about the music, dancing, and CATS!Andrew Lloyd Weber based his music loosely on TS Eliot's Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats--a collection of poems he wrote for kids describing a tribe of "Jellical" cats.Wonderful, quick read: https://gutenberg.ca/ebooks/eliotts-practicalcats/eliotts-practicalcats-01-h.htmlAnyway the cast of Jellicles was endearing, energizing, naughty, evil, and I loved them all--Grizabella's (Jenifer Hudson) Memories brought me to tears.Taylor Swift--never been a big fan--was truly amazing.And Judy Dench--WOW! I'm not impressed with cinema critics lately.They liked LaLa Land.I thought THAT was abysmal.Didn't like LaLa Land's music much, certainly didn't care about the characters.The opening scene was the only good part.So as far as I'm concerned--the critics don't have much taste--or are being paid to promote some movies and blacklist others.Go see Cats--you won't be disappointed!
Unexplainable, weird and simply boring. It actually angered me how disjointed and unintelligible everything was. What a crock of shit. Don't waste your time and money. I was so upset that this horrible movie has driven me to write my first review ever!
A bit slow at times but such an amazing storyline.
A little more dialogue or better singing lines wouldve been nice.Some things they sang were just useless.J Hud sang amazingly at the end.
I didn't see this movie but I just wanted to let everyone know that Carrie Fisher looks really good in the new Star Wars movies.
Some of the graphics were a little off. But great movie classic.
Honestly not exaggerating when I say this was the worst movie going experience in my life. I legit forced myself to go to sleep to make it go by faster but that backfired when I awoke to Judy Dench licking her paws.
Even with the great musical score, this movie disturbingly has no story and uses well-known celebrities to sell it all.
Some of the effects were pretty cheesy, but the storyline was good.
Talented cast but definitely not like watching it on stage.
Sorry. Thought I was rating another movie on that last review. This movie lacked in several ways. I was new to the story & plays of Cats. But as a movie I still think it was a big miss. The music was ok. The dance performances mediocre & sometimes amazing. It left me me walked out of the theatre. SORRY!
Should not have been made. Wise I could get my money backbetter yet it unsee it. 
Love the Musical, hate the movie. They tried to create a story where none was needed. Just let the cats each tell their story about why they should be sent to the heavyside lair and leave it at that. No reason to enhance Mcavity's character or place Growl Tiger in the movie as a real character.
Forget the stuffy reviewers this is great acting dancing and singing with the most realistic cat outfits! Meowagical!
I've watched just two previews and I can't force myself to buy a ticket.
The platform was just strange! I love musicals but this was not executed the way I imagined it would be. The CGI was weird. Dancing and singing was great...Jennifer Hudson singing Memory was THE BEST PART!!!
Actually walked out! It was that horrible
Terrible. That's the only word I can think of to describe this movie.
You have to like Musicals
I knew walking into this it was gonna be bad but it was entertaining on Christmas night when I had nothing better to do. The play is certainly more entertaining.
I really enjoyed the show. You either love it or hate it and I LOVED it!
That was, quite possibly, the worst film I have ever seen in my life. Though it did make we want to give the live show a chance. You could tell this would have been a powerful version of the live show, but the cgi film approach cancels out the awe of the dramatic and athletic performances, and the structure of the live show's music lacks any cohesive narrative that translates to film without dialogue to fill in the gaps. The majority of the singing is quite terrible, and the only (non-Memory) song that kept me humming afterwards was "Mr. Mistoffelees". Ian Mckellen is seemingly the only actor that understood what kind of film he was in, delivering a strong performance as the theater cat, and of course, Jennifer Hudson's rendition of Memory provides the highest musical moment in the film. Conclusion: this would make a beautiful rendition of the live show with the same cast and performances, but those in charge of the film adaptation had terrible vision and execution.
cats 2019Udirector: Tom Hooperstarring: Idris Elba,Judi Dench,Ian Mckellan,Taylor swift,Jason Derulo,Rebel Wilson,James Corden,Jennifer Hudson,Francesca Hayward,Laurie Davidson etcoverall rating 62/100Cats was probably the strangest film i have ever seen. But for me i oddly enjoyed cats for what it was despite it technically still not being a good film. Lets talk about why this is.First of all i loved the set locations and the tone they managed to create. The sets within the film were beautiful and very creatively made. Due to the accurate size of the cats all the locations were several times bigger then all of them. Which led to some very interesting and entertaining scenes involving many props from the cats perspectives. And the films strange tone mostly worked. With the sometimes calming music and surreal sets and visuals it almost felt like you were in some form of trance or dream whilst watching. Which i thought was really interesting and it was an experience i have never had before with a movie. I do have to give credit despite the strange performances everyone in the castgave it there best shot and went all out with there portrayal of the different cats within the film. And everyone was cast well and worked well together with what screen time they had. However the two comedic performances from Rebel Wilson and James Corden didn't work for me. Its a shame as i like both of them usually when they are given the right comedic material but unfortunately they were not for cats. They felt really out of place within the film and none of there humour landed, making it awkward and even cringey in places sadly. My next two positives would be the chemistry and development between the lead character victoria ( Francesca Hayward( and Grizabella ( Jennifer Hudson) having never seen the stage show before it was interesting to see Grizabella who was shunned and hated by all the other cats feel accepted by Victoria who saw the good in her and accepted her flaws. But i do have to say the lead character was very bland for me and was overshadowed by better singing and acting performances. Her voice was decent but not great, She wasn't as much of a rememerable main character as she should of been. She was just very naive and was just following everyone around the whole film.My next positive would be some key standout performances from people such as Jason Derulo and Idris Elba. Everyone did a good job within this film. But jason Derulo bought so much energy and charisma to his performance he was a breath of fresh air when he came on screen. And Idris Elba was fantastic for the most part as the villain. He looked incredible with his massive fur coat and demon like eyes. And his character was very unlikeable showing that they did a good job with him.My final two negatives would be that the film had a very limiting and unclear plot, and that it was awkwardly sexual in places. Lets face it the film had practically no plot, aside from getting to know the different cats and there being a ball where one cat is chosen and thats it. This limited the movie to just being a bunch of entertaining musical numbers and nothing more, so sadly the film dragged its plot as much as they could to fill in the time but they desperately needed something a bit more exciting for the film. And i thought for a U rated film the film was quite awkward with how sexual it was. The camera was positioned awkwardly with Rebel wilsons character scratching herself. And cats tails were used in an interesting and disturbing way, I just thought they should of thought a bit more about what these scenes will look like to an audience member. However now i will end on my final two positives. The Songs and singers were fantastic. The film had loads of key standout moments. With some very fun and catchy songs. They made it a proper production with great dancers as well. And the songs were held together by excellent vocal performances, especially by Jason derulo,Taylor Swift and of course Jennifer Hudson who did a hauntingly beautiful rendition of memory.Overall Cats is the strangest movie you will see. And despite being a bad movie. Its very entertaining and is filled with great performances and fantastic musical numbers.
It's a musical movie about Cats based on a beautiful musical.
I feel it is too exaggerating to give 1 star rating for this work. Great music, good montages, nice choreo. CGI is not good, that is completely undeniable. But the movie is generally okay, doesn't deserve too much bashing and disparaging.
The vocals were wonderful, the dancing was well done! Overall a very enjoyable movie
What a mess! No clear plot, no true acting. While the music is outstanding, it's not necessarily performed well. Most characters lack personality, and some great iconic songs are murdered by singers with their unpleasant tone and/or their unnecessary drama. What a waste of time!
Liked the stage play better.
This movie was bazaar. Loved the songs and costumes. It just really didnt make much sense.
Absolutely terrible. I left after 30 minutes.Good thing I used my AMC A-List so the movie cost me nothing.
It was really fantastic. The music the lead actress and the costumes were amazing. Jennifer Hudson as usual never disappoints. The main girl cat is just captivating. She is beautiful and graceful. Loved it.
I absolutely loved this movie. The music was awesome, as was the dancing. The lead actress was excellent.
If I wanted to spend 2 hours of my time watching cats lick their own taints I would've gone to PetSmart
Sure there were some rough spots but that's what to be expected of this movie. I never seen the musical myself and had to do extensive research on it and I'm proud to say that I got the whole plot of the movie. Something that no "Top Critic" would ever get. I would honestly see this again just for the fun of it. It wasn't 5 star worthy, I agree, but it does need the better recognition it deserves.
Good entertainment.Don't listen to the critics.if you want to have a good time watching a well performed, well choreographed and entertaining musical, go see Cats.
I've never really paid too much attention to critics. Too many have their obvious prejudice and obvious lack of capacity to appreciate subtly expressed insight and any view of humanity, reality or creativity that doesn't correlate exactly with their's. (like so many reviews of my absolute favorite move ever, BROTHER OF SLEEP) BUT the deluge of bad reviews for CATS has me stunned. I really don't understand what kind of dead soul could see this movie and not empathize with the infinite rage of human condition that it portrays. The casting was perfect, the costuming, special effects and set was perfect. I've seen several live productions and OF COURSE the movie was different, BUT, if anything it enhanced the message and joy of the amazing creation that is CATS.
it was...what's a good word here...underwhelming.Not bad enough to become a classic for the ages and not good enough to spend money on unless you're a real fan of the stage production and you 'have' to see it.The choreography's solid, but the CGI is so distracting that sometimes you miss the dance work.Francesca Hayward can flat out dance, her body movement and control are top notch;her physicality and her close-up facial expressions carry a lot of the movie.We'll see more of her on the big screen, I'm sure.Jennifer Hudson's ability to leave her heart on the stage could rip tears from a stone.And...hmm...what else was really good about it?Nope, that's it for me.I'm an Idris Elba fan but he's miscast here.Judy Dench is no more than ok in this and a lot of that is that she's Judy Dench, the same goes for Ian McKellen although he's perhaps a better fit than she is.The staging is fine, but the CGI is so distracting that sometimes you miss it.The lighting work is fine when it's trying to give a sense of Broadway on a movie screen, but the CGI is so distracting that sometimes you miss it.I spent as much - or more - time unable to stop looking at the CGI work as I did actively listening and taking in the work.It was unnecessary to take it as far as Hooper had it taken and too distracting. The stage version wins this shootout, and it's not a fair fight.
Cats "98" was always one of my favorite musicals, So I was a little apprehensive about this movie. I was very happy with it and can't wait to watch it again. I liked how you were brought into the Cats world through Victoria eyes, the original was just a lot of songs about types of cats that the story got lost, in this one it is easy to follow the story. I loved that they were more catlike, the fur looked like fur and not hair glue to tights, the ears and tails moved more realistically. As far as complaints about body horror, people have to understand the original authors wishes of this not turning into a cartoon or animated feature, there was no way to do both make them more human and catlike without cross designing them!My only real complaint is I didn't like how they changed the Mungojerrie and Rumpelteaser music I always loved the original. One other small thing I preferred about the original was Johnny Partridges portrayal of Rum Tum Tugger was better then Derulos performance.
This movie was trash it's better as the broadway play
I don't know what the critics were talking about. I enjoyed this movie. The costumes were great. The performances of Judi Dench, Ian McKellen .John Corbin, Rebel Wilson, Jennifer Hudson and IdrisElba were mesmerizing.I will never see a broadway musical. This movie was my chance and I loved it.
I don't know what movie everyone else has watched?I have seen CATS on Broadway, off-Broadway and now in a movie theater.And, it is mesmerizing, beautifully acted; the CGI is a modern day triumph to behold.My wife and I found ourselves laughing, crying and staring at the screen in wonder and awe. A++++
Not a movie, didnt have a history, just cats singing all the movie.
Outstanding music, dancing, singing, staging, acting, background, and just enough plot to make it coherent.Quite different from the current average superviolent movie content, and unsuitable for deadheads requiring for their enjoyment a steady movie diet of violence and murder.
if you like the play at all you will enjoy the movie!! Amazing theatrics!!! strong voices from all the actors/actresses!!
It's true, Cats is weird, but I as a Cats Broadway fan y enjoyed the movie since minute one.
Bomb We knew Taylor Swift couldnt sing & now we know she cant dance or act 
This is one of those movies that is so unique and strange that its going to take the public twenty years to catch up with it. Its much bettor than the reviews would have you believe, and, no, I dont work in the film industry.
This movie is done like it was done on a stage but because of it being a movie they could do things that you cant on stage like fly away in a balloon. There is no real story line to it like a movie, no real plot or meaning being told that youre supposed to figure out. It is the poems of T.S. Elliot that he wrote about cats and the ways cats act set to music. Its abstract,not a literal story about cats. And the costumes were amazing! The ones from the 80s were so a sign of the times and abilities of a stage production.
Too drawn out with slow songs. Rebel and James had the best comic relief
It was entertaining but the constant singing lulled me to sleep a bit.Loved Dame Judy Dench and Ian McKellen! Their performances were exceptional as was the lead girl Francesca Hayward.Enjoyed the dancing and choreography because I'm also a dancer/choreographer.
Have seen and enjoyed the theater production multiple times so was looking forward to the movie. Unfortunately it was not good at all. Really weird first half then last 1/4 or so of it was decent with Taylor Swift and Jennifer Hudson's performances but other than that this movie was a total dud! I've never seen so many people get up and leave during a movie... it was that bad.
Having seen CATS multiple times on Broadway and in major troupes, this cinema edition FINALLY bringing everything I had in question together. Typical "theater critics" have thrown rotten tomatoes at the "non-broadway" talent used, BUT, this is the FIRST TIME EVER I fully understood every song's meaning as it weaved into the plot. Victoria Cat is mezmorizing & beautifully chosen, as are the rest of the cast (too many to mention). FORGET THE stupid TOMATO SCALE - SEE IT if you loved the musical!!
All i needed to see was the trailer to know this was bad
We absolutely loved this movie! I can't imagine what the people who dissed it were looking for. Magnificent costuming and sets; amazing voices and dance. Perhaps they have forgotten what a musical is? Ignore the critics and go!
The choreographing was amazing. Unless you use that to your advantage this is a movie that needs some shoes to fill.
I think it should not be an animation, CG it's the best way of it!. This movie really make me cry!!!!
We loved it.Loved the story, to music and the costumes were fantastic. The effects made you feel like you were really there and could relate to the cats.
Loved the music, of course.This reached a new high in CGI. Oversized sets were incredible.Acting and dancing was good. Rebel Wilson steals the show.Jennifer Hudson was great as expected. Judy Dench can't sing tho and should not try.
Nicely done screen adaptation of the Broadway hit.Loved the camera work, the CGI and the guest appearances.Well Done!
Yeah, it was pretty bad.1st the audio engineering was horrible, could barely understand what the Actors were saying. The story line was non-existent until about 3/4 of the way through the movie.I may have fallen asleep 2x.
Excellent retelling of the Andrew Loyd Weber classic
I am obsessed with the musical Cat, and this I dont know what this was! So my biggest problem was that in the musical the other cats sing about the cats. In this movie the cats are singing in third person. And they also added a song and I was watching like what? What is this random new song? Over all just wait for it to come on demand.
Amazing choreography, strong dancers and vocalists. Some funny moments too.
This movie was not even finished apparently. It seems as though they half assed the whole movie to get paid and be cheap. This is a magical, raw, beautiful story in its stage form and was never meant for CGI, the shitty, forced comedic performances, or the way that they portrayed the cats as half people and half cat. It honestly makes no sense to people watching it in 2019 because a lot of people haven't been able to appreciate the stage version and in turn confuses people as to why they made these creepy half people half cats, when in reality the reason behind this is because on a stage, you can't become a cat. You have to act it out. It's not edited, there's no CGI. They should have just never made the movie in the first place because it makes no sense. It seems like they didn't want to film another stage version, they just wanted to take all of the elements of the stage version and make it into a movie but the result was a weird, creepy, fantasy world with barely any editing. This movie sucks. And really, the actors they chose? It seems like this movie is solely produced for those people who like shitty movies and who will still pay to see them so they could make a quick buck out of it.
Exceptional. Loved the cast and special effects.
I really loved it despite the reviews, The costumes were awesome. It really told the story of Cats better than the Broadway Show. The actors were magnificent. I totally loved it all.
slow moving, but dancing was incredible. the song memories, was done beautifully & with lots of emotion.
Good movie! I love musicals! But it was just confusing because I didnt know cats till after this movie!
Wife and daughters went to see this and left after 30 minutes. First time they had ever left a movie for it being this bad
Dont believe the negative reviews! This movie was great! Fun and uplifting!
I think the critics have been incredibly unfair to this movie.As was the case with the show, this is not a perfect movie.The story is thin at best and some of the musical numbers drag, but the movie picks up momentum once Ian McKellen shows up and there are more than a few numbers that work beautifully.I am not easily pleased, but I enjoyed the movie.
I can't say I'm entirely surprised by the bad rep this movie's gotten, but personally I thought it was wonderful. It stayed very true to its source and although the CGI faces are awful, that ended up being my only problem with the film as a whole. Complaints about a lack of plot should be taken up with the stage production, because the film follows it almost exactly, even adding a few changes I ended up enjoying. Effects in terms of backgrounds and sets were incredible and immersive, and even performers like Wilson and Corden, who I expected to be distracting, were perfectly casted and did a great job. If you are not a fan of Broadway or ballet, or especially the stage production, this movie will be hell. But if you are, don't miss it. I can't say it's a good movie, but it's a beautiful visual experience.
Just seeing the trailer for this movie was horrible. I am not going to see this movie because it looks creepy with a lacking story. Looks Very uninteresting based on trailer. If I'm wrong then the people in marketing should be fired, because the trailer makes this movie look horrible. I'm skipping this both at theaters and release on Blu-ray and digital download.
Loved it!! Very Entertaining 
I loved the movie however, it was just to much singing!
I didn't what the movie was about. It had good songs and costumes.
Francesca Hayward was amazing. The rest was amazing, too, but not in a good way.
The movie is just like the broadway play. Critics complain about costuming- hands and feet were human.But so was their noses!I actually understand the storyline better in this movie and the play. Actors were great! Music and singing were awesome!Its a story about a cats!What could be better!
I really don't get the hate for this musical, its a very nice movie and easy to follow. The story is great, loved the end
I laughed, and loved the movie. Great music, great dance. Captures the behavior of cats. Not for everyone though, then again cats don't care.
Too long. Kind of boring. Love Memories
The CG was very distracting. The storyline (if there was one) was challenging to follow.
It was completely unhinged yet somehow emotionally moving. Cats is a unique and exquisite movie, if you don't let it provoke you.
oh my god, my eyes, what did i just watch?
WHAT IS GOING ON IN THIS MOVIE....?
NO GOD WHYMAKE IT GO AWAY STOP THISI went home after watching this film, I looked at my cat, cried and hugged him over humans culturally appropriating cat culture. My cat: " Cats is the worse movie my human has ever seen, I had to console my human when he got home from the movies, it was clear my faithful human was traumatized"
I literally could not stop laughing. Great gag movie with friends.
Big names are all well and good but in a musical, they need to be able to sing so in this regard alone, "Cats" is disappointing in Judy Dench etc parts. Jennifer Hudson, however, is a standout as Grizabella, not only in delivery of the power ballad Memory' but in her whole demeanour as the faded glamour cat. There seems to be a confusion of identity too with the addition of largely comic dialogue to a sung through musical not entirely working either, especially given Rebel Wilson and James Cordon's same old schtick. The music is great, but its hard to enjoy it as even a guilty pleasure given the distraction of the cgi and strange human-like cats. It is as though so much focus was put on ensuring that scale was such as to enforce their size as cats in a larger world, that the cats themselves came as an afterthought.
I was skeptical about seeing this movie after reading the critics reviews. All I can say now that I've seen it is the critics either didn't actually see the same movie or they've never had a cat.
Cats was an amazing, creative, unique film. This was obviously not a film for everyone but for everyone with a fun and creative imagination.
I liked cats there was some heart to it.Which I have not seen in most films this year.
everything that could've gone wrong with this movie did, starting with its existence, and it's absolutely everything. This movie is amazing in the way that the room is amazing. Please go see it, maybe after you've had a few, I guarantee you will not see a movie like this again because it's just so fucking weird (and i love it ).
If you like the musical and the songs, you will love this film.I'm going back to see it for a second time on the big screen.The band and orchestration is smoking hot.
totally not to be believed, must be seen on the big screen!
Although the CGI freaks some people out, you get used to it a few minutes into the movie. The singing is great, the dancing is amazing, and the cinematography is beautiful! It is a unique and slightly strange storyline and concept, which is why I think the movie gets a bad rap. But if you liked the musical you will like the movie!
Its a beautiful musical. Nothing more. Only if you love musical go see.
I heard how bad this is. It's worse than that. Went day drinking just to enjoy how horrible it was. I'm so sorry for the people who spent millions of dollars on this.
It's a good adaptation. I almost did not watch it because of the bad reviews. It is very much like the play, with one extra song and one less.
Don't waste your money.
My husband and I loved this musical based on T. S. Eliot's poems "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats". The dancing was great; I especially enjoyed the ballerina who played the cat Victoria. The music by Andrew Lloyd Webber was the same as in the Broadway production and included one new song that Taylor Swift wrote with Webber. In musical theater, the plot is advanced through the song lyrics. We had heard a lot of the songs already, but to understand the plot, we read the lyrics online before we went (we did the same thing when we went to see Hamilton, since many lyrics were rap); you can also read T. S. Eliot's poems, because those are mostly the lyrics to the songs. Primarily, the show is about the nature of cats in all their quirky glory. There have been so many bad reviews written from critics' missed expectations and misunderstandings that I wish I could address but I'll just pick a few. One critic slammed it for being about death, that the plot is all about cats competing to die. What the competition is really about is which cat most deserves to have its ninth life. Of course it's silly (not macabre), but it's about cats. There is even a Peter Pan-type scene with kidnapping and walking the plank. Another critic called out the movie for having human faces on cockroaches and mice. The cockroaches were little soldiers and the mice were a singing group. I'm not a CGI expert and don't have a technical opinion about the special effects and the cats' fur - I thought the cats looked nice and I enjoyed watching them move, and I thought the environment was in proportion to their size and the props were interesting. Overall, this is an athletic performance by triple-threat actors who weave the stories of the individual cats into a loose plot that focuses on how they relate to each other. In this time of hard politics and angry exchanges, it's difficult to read critics ripping this movie apart when it's one of the few light-hearted, graceful, and fun entertainment options. One thing I would give as feedback is they should have played Taylor Swift singing "Beautiful Ghosts" when the credits first started rolling rather than at the end of the credits, because most people had left the theater by the time that song started and didn't know it happened. I left this movie happy and singing, and my husband wants to see it again.
Worst broadway Ive seen, fell asleep in the movie.Disappointed
Needed 2 strong drinks to be drowsy enough to get a couple naps in. Tom Hooper must have some serious power over Hollywood execs. Complete garbage. Jennifer Hudson is a great singer and solely responsible for the half star. Everyone else in the movie should be ashamed to be associated with it. I didn't pay for my ticket but feel time cheated.
It was a great musical. I totally disagree with the critics. I really loved the characters stories and how each was trying to be the best he/she they could be in order to earn a new life. Great story. Movie was well done.
Fabulous!! Jennifer Hudson performs a breathtaking version of Memory.
A masterpiece of garbage cinema
The worst movie I have seen. I saw it in a theater with my brother and sister alone in the theater and we started to watch "The Room" while the movie was going on.
unnecessary adaptation that only damages the original idea
It was one very bizarre movie, but still really fun to watch. Jennifer Hudson is as amazing as you would expect.
Very slow. Dancing was great but was too long.
Ticks every box as a blatant passionless cash grab, and failed like one too.
It was different and and costumes were Interesting.
As a true fan of the original production, I loved it. I think people are picking it apart and not seeing it for what it is- a theatrical production. The only part I didn't care for was Rebel Wilson's performance.
Worst of the year with no doubt
cats shaking their butts. cgi was terrible. they looked like monkeys. scale was size of was way off. Ian mckellan was brilliant
It was so boring that I fell asleep during half the movie. The songs were terrible and the characters looked dumb. There was no real plot line...
I would say it's the worst movie ever, but that's too high of an honor. This movie doesn't deserve to be the best at anything. So this is the second worst movie ever.
This film falls into the category of: If you saw the theatrical performance, you will likely enjoy the film.I've seen the DVD-theatrical presentation, not live performance, and I enjoyed it.I must report though, that the narrative has no plot, other than a group of cats attending an annual "Jellicle Ball" where one cat is selected by the senior member, Old Deuteronomy, to have an additional life. For this honor, the various candidates "perform" for the group what they are each known for, such as Mr. Mistopheles, the Magical Cat, etc.It is finally Grizabella who is selected by Deuteronomy because her soul is the kindest.Neither the stage performance nor the film adaptation has any meaningful spoken dialog, (The stage version has none.) making it extremely difficult to understand what is going on.There is extensive CGI used in the film to create the character's feline costumes, which is somewhat sad, I think, because the stage performance involved considerable make-up but created characters that were much more intimately connected to the audience.When you're watching computer generated "cats", you can't help but be continually reminded that the image is a computer enhancement.The film includes elements that had no place in the stage performance, as if to have one more excuse for using CGI: the cockroaches in chorus having human faces.Was this really needed?
Yust the worst movie in the world
The only worthy part is the music, and even then, it's not solid. Just give the soundtrack a listen on facebook while driving to work, once. That's all it deserves.
We had seen the Broadway show many years ago and although we enjoyed the music, dancing and costumes we thought that the general reception for the musical was overhyped. As avid New York theater goers we opted to see this unfavorably rated movie version, not expecting too much. We were thus pleasantly surprised at the caliber ofsinging, dancing and acting. It seems that the movie has more of a plot than the original show, which added to our enjoyment. If you never liked the stage version you probably still won't like the movie. If you are among the few who dislike the music of Andres Lloyd Weber, you won't like the movie. If you avoid movie fantasies you won't like the movie.But for all others, if you have an open mind and enjoy good musical theater, try CATS.
I have never hated a movie more. I've never seen cats, so I wasn't expecting a movie with zero plot. The whole production was aweful and a complete waste of time.
If you know the plot and seen the musical you can appreciate the movie. It was well done. 
I fell asleep didnt grasp my attention at all.
Do not watch it. The trailer was deceiving. I expected a better storyline... A movie with that quality of cast, please. Rebel Wilson was the best part. I wish I could get my time and money back.
I don't understand all of the negative reviews at all! it was a musical. With singing cats. Based on a Broadway production. It was exactly what I thought it would be. The casting was phenomenal and the songs were on point. I laughed and I cried. The CGI was completely unnecessary in my opinion though.
I have never been more uncomfortable watching a movie. unfortunately a fine musical performance by Jennifer Hudson is overshadowed by an uncanny valley furry nightmare. also fat cats take their skin off.
No words to describe it.
Fell asleep in this movie! Just did not keep my attention and it was just weird
While the poor cinematography was off putting, it only warrants losing half a star. The singing and the choreography are phenomenal.Francesca Hayward is an amazing find.After dancing for years in the royal ballet it is nice to see her get some mainstream notice.Taylor Swifts contribution of the new song "Beautiful Ghost" is amazing. It has such a haunting melody that drew me to tears not only during the movie, but in the bonus cut during the closing credits.While I always thought Betty Buckley was the top Grizabella, Hudson did a phenomenal job topping the original broadway star.Idris Elba did an amazing portrayal of Macavity and you could feel the evil dripping off him.Of course having Dame Judi Dench, Ian McKellan, James Corden, and Rebel Wilson round out the cast is just extra chocolate syrup on an already delicious sundae.
The movie was great!I liked that James Corden and Rebel Wilson added laughs to the movie which made it different from the musical.The effects were great as well.If you have seen the musical youll understand the movie more.I think some of the bad reviews are from people who have never seen the musical.
i enjoyed some of the modern interpretation of the classical songs from the musical. The two things that kept me engaged with the movie the whole time was the character Victoria and the choreography throughout the film. Overall the music was decent but the story was in fact hard to follow, it feels as if it were just some open mic night with cats.
It was terrible.I went with five others, different age ranges and gender and we were all in agreement that the movie was bad.I've never seen it on broadway, but I've always wanted to.After seeing this movie I would never waste my time or money,
This movie was magical. At first it seemed like it was filmed too close and was blurry...hard to watch the characters moving so quickly. It was fun to see these well known actors play the roles they did. My 90 yr old Mom, my daughter and I laughed and cried. Jennifer Hudsons singing of Memory was so emotionally beautiful. We loved this movie!!
It was a little slow at times. I loved the dancing and choreography. I wouldve loved to hear the song memory with more force behind it. It is such a powerful song and Jennifer Hudson has such an amazing voice. She could have done it a greater justice.
Coming into this movie, I had only seen the trailer and had no other exposure to Cats. I saw from the trailer that this would be a bonkers movie, and heard from the reviews that it was super horny. Both of these are true to an extent that I was not prepared for. I loved the movie for its insanity and am now a furry.
We just did not appreciate this movie. Good choreography but Did not hold interest of family and we left half way through.
I enjoyed this adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webbers Cats very much! The cast was outstanding, the costumes amazing and the storyline easily followed. Musicals get a bad wrap, for nerds like me this was a treat! 
Everything was so breathtaking and the songs are so fun. Great cinematic effects and worth a watch or two.
I was 100% into the movie. There was nothing I didnt like about the movie Cats 2019. The dancing and choreography was superb, and I cant get enough of movies that bring out emotions in me.
I was apprehensive going to see this because of the bad reviews but I was thrilled to discover a vibrant, dramatic and spectacular production. I dare say that those giving bad reviews have likely never even seen a Broadway show much less Cats as a live stage show. The movie is better than the live show in that it makes a bit more of a story line throughout instead of just a group of vignettes. Many of the principal characters are ballet dancers and it shows. The dancing is superb! The sets are fantastic and the cats are amazing!!A must see! This show does not disappoint the true musical enthusiast.
Ive never seen the Broadway show, but this movie was spectacular!
An experience, truly. Dont go if you arent into the stage musical, otherwise youll likely hate it for being confusing and weird. Its strangeness is a huge part of the appeal for me, and the weird, slightly-off visual effects just enhance that in the movie.
I had huge expectations mainly because of the amazing cast and I was completely disappointed, the story was so unclear, there was not a storyline to follow, all over the place! Jennifer Hudson is an amazing singer but she sang the same song like 3 or 4 times and a lot of screaming on her performances, she is so talented but this was not in my opinion her best as a singer, I didnt want to hear her sing again in the movie. Overall in my opinion it could had been a great film but it lacked direction.
Pretty bad. Stage plays better.
It was alright! I enjoyed it. My 8yr old daughter wanted to see it from the previews but she said it was too much singing lol Don't take your kids unless they love musicals.
Costumes were amazing - actors were cast so well. Really enjoyed the singing.
wonderful! If you are familure with the play or are a fan of musical theatre you will absolutely love it. Well done and the music and dance are amazing.
Meow!Well done.A musical performed on the big screen like it is on stage.Great CGI portrayal of Cat ear/tail communication.Love that it does not attempt overdone CGI reality... a distinctive style much like live stage work at a theater.
I'm afraid to wake up in middle of the night and see those cats in my kitchen
There is no story line until half way through the movie and even that one is weak. Youll spend most of the movie trying to figure out what is happening and how the characters are related. After all of that, youll be left with cliff hanger questions sending you to the googler to try and make sense of what you just saw. However, the performances by the actors and actresses were INCREDIBLE. This movie is more of a showcase of individual talent rather than a movie with any meaningful plot.
Brilliant ignore the critics
I loved it but the animation was bad it's so bad you just want to watch to see the errors. Music and numbers were good I cried with grizabella. But I can see why people gave it a low score..
Fabulous! All those negative reviews are written by old men whove never lived with a cat. Ignore them.
Jesus Christ, this was a dumpster fire. Why was this even made?! Cats was a disaster, epically horrible, and is probably the worst film I've ever seen in theaters.
You ever see something that makes you nauseous? For 2 hours? Want to? Here's your movie.
I had never seen the musical, but I enjoyed the movie. It wasn't the best movie I've ever seen, but I had a good time watching it.
One word...Terrible
It's different than anything I've ever seen. And I've seen Cats several times in the past. Loved the music and the performances. Very creative way of bringing an unusual stage production to the screen, Jenifer Hudson's rendition of "Memories" was worth the price of admission. Francesca Hayward was incredible. Didn't know Judi Dench could sing!
Close enough to the original to be worth a matinee ticket.Too different to want to see it again.Will be buying the play version put out 20 years ago.
One of the worst movies Ive ever seen!!!! Slow, awkward, disconnected from what CATS on Broadway is. Bad acting (even with all the stars) and again SLOW! I can appreciate the dancing and how hard the cast worked on it is why i give it a 1
Nota good movie. Likely a better play.
So very hard to follow the storyline. Even though I saw the original musical (and they apparently changed it up) it was so hard to follow.
Obviously anyone reviewing this film badly never saw the stage show. It is glorious. I went expecting to be afraid of the "so scary my eyes will never recover" CGI. What I saw was a fabulous faithful retelling of the stage show. Thanking god there was not a leg warmer or cat wig in sight. It's not awkward or hyper sexualised. It's CATS, a musical that should never have worked the first time it hit the stage. I will definetly rewatch in the future.I loved the great dance numbers, particularly the tap spectacular.
P-U - what a worthless movie. The "plot" is non existent and the visuals are nauseating
Could only take 30 minutes and walked out! Not Broadway caliber 
Horrible. We walked out after 20 minutes which was time wasted that we can't get back. I saw Cats in London on the stage in 1985, and this movie was an abomination. Sir Andrew Lloyd Weber must be furious at this Hollywood disastrous smear of his Tony award winning play. Don't go. Save your money and stay home.
I love musicals, dancing and the costumes.
Considered it fun to watch! Good singing, dancing and some comedy and heartfelt memories
my mom in law loved everything about this movie
Have only walked out on one movie before till I ran into this catastrophe... No pun intended.
Very hard to follow.
Very entertaining and weird. I like musicals and dancing and cats, so I was happy to see it in a theater.
I had low expectations, pretty much, just being entertained and this movie didn't even to that. the songs were boring, there was NO story at all and the worst part that I wanted it to end 30 minutes in. I gave a shot but my goodness it was awful!
Terrible.I thought it would never end.
music was magnificent!!!
Horrible movie. 2 hours of my life, I will never get back. Only the 2nd movie in my life I have walked out on.
i performed this musical in high school. they changed so much. the music was dropped down multiple keys, the effects for awful. i mean, their faces looked awesome but omg all i saw was human feet and hands! at least use hand mittens/warmers! it was just all wrong. the one from many years ago was better. #sorrynotsorry
It was fine, but a few days after I forgot I seen it. Kinda forgatabul
My son talked me into this... we laugh and laugh and laugh my face hurt... how did this run for 18years on Broadway. Horrible
Broadway meets unintentional Horror in a film that will one day be a midnight movie! Mark my words. Great songs, awesomely horrendous CGI, magical choreography, and hauntingly gorgeous backgrounds. Cats is a beautiful disaster that I loved! Its only real flaw is Rebel Wilson sucks. Everything else screams cult classic! Go take a lovely trip into Hells musical theater! 
Wonderful music! Great dancing! Some humor (thanks primarily to James Corden) and Jennifer Hudsons rendition of Memory, brought tears to my eyes. I know critics have panned It, but my family (ages 6-70+) loved it.
I felt like cats had no story line. Songs to introduce cast members who weren't even shown again. The graphics were horrible to look at and Very disturbing. The songs were fine, as they've been for years. I believe there was a new song, but honestly it's so boring it's hard to pay attention.
I enjoyed EVERYTHING!The costumes were just wonderful. A huge fanof the show, but I felt the movie was better! The cast was terrific.What was added to the original worked beautifully.
Awful with the exception of Jenifer Hudsons performance of Memory.People were laughing most of the film.It was pretty ridiculous.
Loved it. Very true to broadway show and makeup/choreography was fabulous
No amount of money would convince me to watch that again. Bizarre and embarrassing to sit through. I feel bad for the actors because you see they're giving their all. So many bad decisions cursed this movie.
I was really interested in seeing this movie and could not have been more disappointed..Actually found myself falling asleep, sad waste of time
It had a great story line, but it just did not get my attention!
Star studded, glamour filled production. I forgot to mention that it's embarrassing that it's the adaptation of the original "Cats". Somethings are better left untouched or touched by the hands that created this new "Cats 2019". Somehow, with the selected A listed stars, dropped their status to what I would presume would be a "C" if that's really a thing. I feel sorry for them truly, I love James Corden and I can tolerate Taylor Swift but I feel as though this was a role they should have turned down. Quite frankly, the whole cast, even the extras would have benefitted from sitting this one out. Sorry "Cats 2019" you've missed the mark and have been scratched out of this decade..... maybe even this century in terms of theatrical productions.
How did this even get released? No seriously.
Not what I expected....dont waste your time on this movie
I haven't watched this movie but looks horribly boring and dumb so I won waste my money on this boring movie 
The movie is absolutely fine. It is frankly the primary way most folks can access a proper production of the play, note to self, never attend a local production, this is too complex for local companies (find those on youtube if you do not believe me). This suffers from precisely the issue Polar Express did in early viewing.. it hits an odd cgi middle ground where the actors are both not human enough, nor enough catlike... Disney struggled with audience dislike of animated people, until they made them less human in appearance... great sets, singing, dancing, acting.. cgi is off in an odd way though..
I saw the original play several times in the 80's and this movie is as fabulous as the stage play but with even better visual effects!
I absolutely LOVED the movie. It is not EXACTLY like the play but a wonderful version nonethelss. The dancing and singing is superb. The CGI looked great. I left the theater feeling very happy and entertained--exactly how a movie should make you feel. Bravo Mr. Hooper!!
I dont know what all the hubub is about. I tried to find issues while watching the movie (which is not fair) to no avail. I didnt do it all the time because I wanted to just enjoy it. I appreciate the technology and I get the artistic choices. Ive seen the play and know the music, and Im happy with what I saw. So if youre not sure just go see it and make your own opinion of it.
Movie is for the audience that likes musicals with dance. 
I am shocked by the reviews this was fan-freaking-tastic take your money and go watch this film
I saw the original musical cast in London way back when, and was willing to give this a chance because of the cast potential.Sad to say it was a real disappointment.
Absolutely beautiful movie, go see it now, I can't recommend it enough. I enjoyed every moment of the movie, and it was well worth the money I paid. Again, I can't recommend this gem of a movie enough, just do yourself a favor and go see this masterpiece!
Why did they do that??I wanted to leave after 30 minutes. Jennifer Hudson made it even worseAnd Cats was my favorite musical ever! I hope Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber will forgive them one day...
I was hoping I would wake up in a cold sweat, this movie being just a distant nightmare, but no, I was awake and sadly coherent. In all seriousness, this movie is hot garbage. The entire movie is just exposition where every single song is an introduction to irrelevant characters that have no bearing on the plot for the entire runtime. This movie doesnt even fit into the niche so bad its good category such as The Room because its just so terribly boring the whole time.
Sometimes it's so bad, that it's good. And honestly, there are a few scenes that are really good. You have to see it to believe it!
worse movie I've seen in a very long time don't waste your money
Loved it! The CGI and sound could have been better but the story was great, the acting was wonderful and the music was fantastic!
It was very slow. Not as good as the Broadway show
Add the anuses you cowards.
Entertaining musical with very talented performers.
For those of us that are fans of Broadway musicals and ALW, well find the film entertaining.I thought Judy Drench, James Corden and the ballerina-actress all did a marvelous job.Though the first 40 minutes was slow, the film caught wind in the last half.
terrible movie !! we walked out after an hour... horrible!!! dont waste your time or your money
I can't believe anyone would say awful! The dancing was exquisite.... the costumes were over the top amazing,the casting was absolutely perfect.... not sure what the fault would be.Unless perhaps you were not prepared for the fanciful and rather absurd storyline, but if you understand the type of play/ theater it is, then I believe it's absolutely delightful. I can't wait to see it again!
The movie was horrible
Excellent movie,well performed,Hudson is a great singer.
Feel bad about this review but the movie was really, really bad. It just didnt work. Most of the songs were bad and you couldnt follow along with the story. Just cheesy expressions and movements. Walked out an hour in.
I really enjoy it cause, I saw the original Broadway musical. Very entertaining and a lot of good singing.
Cats was a visual masterpiece and the music was superb. The cast were all amazing in their roles. I dont think the critics saw the same movie or they just dont understand Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals.
WHY WAS THIS MADE?!?!?!?!?!?!??!
Its CATS. like so much like the stage show. Not sure why people are griping. If you expect CATS its that with minor CGI. You either like the stage production or you dont. If you do, youd like the movie just fine.
I cant wait to buy it so I can watch it as much as I want. Dont go if you hated the stage version. Dont take kids. I liked the stage version but I loved this musical.
Somehow managed to make an already terrible musical WORSE by turning it into this horrific nightmare of a movie.See it for laughs and nothing else.
I loved this movie so much! I thought the music was very great! If you are a theater or cats the musical fan, then youll like this!! 
I personally thought it was great
I didn't expect much from it, but it was actually really good. Taylor Swift steals the show, and Francesca Hayward is fantastic too.
If you are not familiar with the book of poems this movie is based on. Or know the story behind the Broadway play. Don't bother watching movie. People are given negative reviews based on not understand the point of the story. A metaphor!
I thought it was very entertaining and stayed true to the basic plot of the Broadway play. I fail to understand why everything that is being written is negative. All star cast gave brilliant performances.
Could have used more of Rebel Wilson! Very long movie
I'm allergic to cats now
Loved it. Great dancing. If you liked the play, you'll enjoy it.
Movie was excellent. Tremendous talent by all!
My husband and I loved Cats, both the stage version and the film. The stage production ran for 18 years, which at the time was Broadway's longest-running musical. Obviously, it was very well received and extremely popular with audiences. The film version has adapted Cats to the big screen, taking advantage of aerial shots and other cinematic devices not possible in a live stage performance.If you've seen the stage version, you already know that this musical is based on the poems of T. S. Eliot and does not have a defined storyline (introduction, action, and conclusion). It's about a group of street cats interacting and revealing insights into their lives (past and present) through Eliot's words set to music by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The personality of each cat emerges through the music, and their feline grace and amazing agility shine in the dance numbers. There is humor, love, friendship, loyalty, magic, greed, and evil, but in the end it's the profound empathy for others that wins the day, and that's a message we humans could use in these days of extreme divisiveness.There will always be haters who love to attack, especially when theyre riled up by attacks posted by other writers. It's the verbal equivalent of sharks in a feeding frenzy: one bites, and the others smell blood and dive into the attack. But why let someone else's negativity stop you from seeing a movie you might actually enjoy? For some calmer and more-balanced analyses (with both pros and cons), read these reviews by Julian Roman(https://movieweb.com/cats-movie-review/) and Alan Ng (https://filmthreat.com/reviews/cats/). Our recommendation (just a suggestion, not a command) is that if you like poetry and love cats, don't miss this unique and wonderful movie. And even if you're not a fan of poetry or cats, why not keep an open mind and give the movie a try? What do you have to lose by spending a few dollars to see the movie and form your own opinion? We were certainly glad we did. Meow...
Awful. Boring. Cringy. This sucks. I'm losing brain cells watching this.
This is a movie I saw high af. It still didnt help. Youre so distracted by the horrible cgi to enjoy the movie. I will give a shoutout to Jennifer Hudson for an amazing performance. Otherwise, the rest of the cast fell flat for me.
The movie itself was average, but people have to understand the musical it's based on, has many flaws, so it is stupid to criticize the storyline! What are they going to do? change it completely?!
Saw it in the theater years ago.There was so much action and movement on stage that you got lost.Loved the movie, you could follow and understand the story.J Hudson killed it with her song ... so much emotion.
After 10 minutes of cackling from the homage to Michael Myers Cat in the Hat quality cat suits/effects I came to realize thats the only entertaining part of the entire movie. 
Liked: good performances. Dislike: mistreatment of skimbleshanks
I don't know whether to give this one star or five stars. On the one hand, it's pretty much the worst movie I've ever seen. On the other hand, I almost didn't stop laughing throughout the entire film. The singing and dancing were brilliant, but the CG cat-suits (?) were beyond scary.
Despite all of the negative reviews I really enjoyed this movie. It was an excellent adaptation of the stage show!
There is a wall in my house. The wall is a simple wall, eight feet tall, and fifteen feet wide, it sits in a corner in the basement. It has been painted beige, with a few coats to cover up the bumps and scratches from coats before. Its got its idiosyncrasies, the way the light jumps off the paint, the not so even drywalling underneath. Stare at it long enough, and it begins to speak to you - or at least allow you to speak to it. Maybe theres something to the wall - or maybe its just my romantic illusions of inspiration and contemplation that bring life to it. My point is this - staring at that blank wall for two hours is far more inspiring, interesting and enlightening than watching two minutes of the cinematic colonoscopy that is Cats. A film so awful, so ridiculous and so void of substance its very existence is an affront to musicals, film and theatre. Unless youre a fan of so bad its good cinema, stay away. This is a watershed moment in bad movie history. 
Not nearly as bad as the critics say. Nice music and costumes. Easy going store, good visuals.
It was a bit dragging... wish it was a lot more talking then singing to understand what was going on... but I loved it overall cause I saw the play
A fantastic beautiful movie, it successfully adapts the play to the movies. Wonderful acting, singing, and dancing. I am glad however that they fixed the glitchy CG fur.
It was great. People need to realize it is a film of a musical theatrical production.
it could of been a little better with the acting more moveme.t with the singing
unlike the live production I didn't feel I was watching cats.
Marvelous production
Fun and moving musical.I saw the stage play three times and this movie does the play justice!
It was boring, after seeing the play I expected more.
great cast.Hard to create the same impact as live theater
Sadly the worst part of this film is the editing. It does not show off any of the dance numbers. And a lot of the shots are too tight to help to receive any of the true meaning of how the film is to work.The best thing about this film is probably staying to see Jennifer Warnes sing Memories. Most of the actors do do a commendable job and their roles as well as their singing and movement. Very surprising is Sir Ian McKellen as Gus the theater cat. This is an enjoyable film but not a great film as it could have been.
holy poor CGI batman... who thought in this digital age that this was ok? 
TL/DR:A Chorus Feline.Great if you know what you are going to.This is a marvelous adaptation of the stage play with strong singing, dancing and stage production.It opens it out while keeping the cat-scale of the original.The CG addition of living cat ears and tails is subtle and well done accenting the payers performances rather then distracting from them.Be warned however, Cats is not a drama in the sense we are accustomed to today, or even a Musical.Cats is a *revue*, a classic stage form.In a revue, the story is not the point.The point is the song and dance numbers and this movie is full of wonderful ones.The story in a revue is always the thinnest of thin-- just enough to move the piece along and tie the numbers together.In fact, what story there is, bears a strong resemblance to Chorus Line.A bunch of hopeful performers come together in a contest to be the one chosen.Its a simple and effective story for this kind of productionIt helps to know the various typical personalities of real cats.It helps even more to know how TS Elliot captured them in poetry in "Old Possums Book of Practical Cats" the book of cat poems on which AL Weber based the stage play.But if 2 hours of clever song and amazing dance appeals to you, then go.If not, then don't.
Beautifully and masterfully done, just not appropriate as a movie. This was much better on the stage.
Enjoyed this interpretation of Cats...and the cast...and I have seen the Broadway production. This makes the story more accessible to those that haven't.
It was really boring and just slow.I just didnt understand it.I couldnt appreciate it.I walked out after 45 min.I would have left sooner, but I wanted to see if it would pick up. First time to ever walk away from a movie in the theater.Thats how bad it was.
I really liked it! I loved the music! and yes they are singing cats what do you expect?
We loved the film version! One, it was easier to follow the story line than on stage, and two, I believe the dancing was enhanced! The score was and still is amazing! Having stars as the featured characters didnt hurt either!
Walked out 20 minutes into. I want my money back.
The characters look like they belong in hell.5 stars
I actually enjoyed the movie.
Loved it!!If you saw the play version then you will appreciate this more than those folks who have never seen it.it is definitely not to script of the play but it's a movie so things have to be added.I loved this variation regardless and happily sang the songs (quietly of course to not disturb others lol). Got me in the feels too, was worth the eye watering lol!!
OMG so boring.They worked so hard to stay true to the Broadway production that they lost the film audience.
I couldn't make it past 15 minutes. Awful story line that I couldn't grasp.
With all the terrible reviews out, I scoffed at watching this and was super bored with the theatrical version I saw last year...: pleasantly surprised. This was far out and fun!
Oof it was rotten. Didnt understand story line. Interesting costumes but not enough to look at more than 2 minutes
The cinematography was not good! But I enjoyed the most of the music.
Ive seen the play before. And I think this was an extraordinary work.People always find something to negative criticism. Im a happy person so from my perspective I recommend the movie.I just was expecting more cat movements.I have a cat and every day I see a different pose
Cats:1. I was so heartbroken and pissed the night I watched it...still am. Terrible adaptation of one of my favorite musicals. 2. It had some moments that worked, but 90% didn't.3. The CGI felt rushed, like half of the movie effects weren't finished. A few scenes looked great but most of the movie looked like a joke.4. I hate the new song so much...5. Rebel Wilson had some super hilarious moments, she was playing it super cheesy, but the mice and bugs were too ridiculous and she couldn't even salvage it...Also, I know she can sing better than that, hope that was just part of the comedy.6. Not impressed with Taylor Swift in it...7. Seeing the trailers, I was worried I was going to hate Mr. Mistoffelees (my fav), but he was adorable and they didn't butcher too much my favorite song of the musical.8. How did they get Ian McKellen, Idris Elba and Judy Dench to be part of that mess?9. Jason Derulo was a weak Rum Tom Tugger...10. They ruined Mongol Jerry and Rumpelteazer, Rum Tom Tugger and Macavity's songs...and whyyyyy did they skip The Battle of Pekes and Pollicles...or did I fall asleep?11. Did I mention how much I hate the new song?12. Thankfully, Jennifer Hudson killed it singing Memory...but it still didn't salvage that cluster-f.13. They would have been better off doing an updated recording of the stage production... like the VHS I bought in 1998 after I saw it for the first time in Broadway... same movie I re-bought in DVD a few years ago...14. I dislike Taylor Shift even more now... And that was before I found out she helped write that horrible new song... Ughhhhh... Andrew Lloyd Webber, I expected better from you.15. Francesca was great as Victoria.
This Is Not A Really Good Musical At All!
poor is a understatement!!!!!!!!
Please dont waste your money 
Could of been better 
Masterpiece!So fun and creative.The critics are being very unfair.
I thought it was sloppy... it didnt flow very well. it depended too much on cgi instead of development.
Dont waste your money or your time unless you are already a fan of Broadway Musicalsotherwise,you will be lost 
If you aren't familiar with or don't appreciate the Broadway version, don't see this film. If you are, check it out! Apart from the awkward comedy of Rebel Wilson and the strange take on Macavity's character, the director did a great job turning this Broadway masterpiece into a cinematic film. And the new song "Beautiful Ghosts" is absolutely incredible. I never knew the musical needed that song until I heard it--well done!
It wasn't that bad? Uh meow?
Anyone going in thinking this is an actual movie is sadly mistaken. This is a cinematic version of Andrew Lloyd Webber's famous play and should be enjoyed as such.
Garbage, Basura, Mycop, , if could use the bathroom on this movie I would
Lovely music, but production a bit weak. Several missed chances to improve clarity of story
Boring!Loved the singing & dancing though.Would not recommend.
Couldn't get through the first fifteen minutes before I decided I was done. It was creepy enough that I couldn't even get into the music.
This was a thing of nightmares.
OOF, yes this month I played catchup on movies and tv shows.I loved playing catchup with all except this one it just killed me I was like what were they thinking.Needs redone in about 30 years.
Entertaining adaptation of the musical.All star cast!
The movie was cat-fusing...I didnt get the storyline (I have never seen the musical) at all but the music and dancing were great. CGI didnt bother me at all. The kids loved it!
It was pretty good but I dont think it can beat the original
Loved the spin on the plot and the music. Great new song as well
The dancing, the acting and story line. Very catty
Loved the costumes and the dancing.
Beings that are the same species as Pennywise inhabit (seemingly forcefully) the discarded husks of failed Dr Moreau experiments and pretend to be "legit" cats and inhabit the London version of Pleasure Island from Pinocchio. In the meantime, they use their deific powers to simply change the environment constantly and capture each other in overly simplistic Willy Wonka strategies of weeding out sin within their group. Despite some of these entities being celebrities amongst the other cats, no one noticed they're simply missing. They sing and dance and defy reality all as a warped allegory for euthanizing your pets, but only when YOU want to, not when they truly need it and are suffering.Best horror film of the year.
movie was a waste of time, crap flim.....
I think I'm a changed man, this movie is horrifying and disturbing. Please go see it.
I have not thought of anything but Cats (2019) since I saw Cats (2019). All I can think about is Cats (2019). Skimbleshanks in his little suspenders doing his fun little tap number was a revelation. Thank you, Cats (2019).
Just plain creepy...wait for it to be run on cable for free so you can quickly turn it off and go scrub your eyes.
Cats, the movie was even worse than Cats, the theater musical. Seriously!To say that Cats is bizarre falls far short of the truth! This vapid, incomprehensible, illogical, train wreck of a terrible acid trip called a "musical" is absolutely the worst, most horrific thing I have exposed myself to...ever!The CGI is downright terrible, James Corden is awful in every sense, and the wonderful talents of many cast members are totally wasted on what amounts to the latest so-horrible-it-really-IS-horrible movies along the line of Ishtar, Gili or Pluto Nash. Three quarters of the show consists of character introductions, with only slight storytelling thrown in. The final act...thank goodness!...wraps up this insipid assault on the brain with its eponymous, overwrought song, "Memory" at the very end. The best (and only good part) of Cats, is when it ends, and the audience gets to flee the theater, and go try to erase their 'memory' of ever having seen this disaster! Please, save you money; save your sanity and avoid seeing Cats at all cost!
Not for everyone, but really enjoyed Judy Dench and especially Jennifer Hudson singing memories. Look past the creepiness. Creativity of costumes and animation was amazing.
Loved the music costumes choreography.
I thought this movie was horrible! I couldnt tell what they were singing about in half the songs, I was lost on the plot of what was going on and the CGI was creepy at times (aka mouse children). To be fair, Ive never seen the broadway show, so maybe this is what people expected?? But it was definitely not for me. My friend and I didnt even stay until the end. 
I don't know why it's "cool" to hate on this movie. I enjoyed the singing, and especially loved the dancing. If you don't have enough imagination to see the characters as cats, then that's on you.
I'm probably one of the few people on the planet not to have seen the stage version so I didn't know the (very loose) story line. It was very enjoyable as a fantasy and the big, diverse cast was terrific, especially the incomparable Judi Dench.
Anyone who, like me, has always loved Cats cant help but like this movie. You can quibble with some of the choices, but in the end its still Cats, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The critics who trashed it must be dog people (or dogs)..
A hairball that doesn't sit well. I kept asking myself "is this almost over".
I hated it. I went to go see it with a group of friends because my best friend is a big taylor Swift fan, and the end we were both crying from pure joy that it was over.
I saw the play was not a fan of it, and thought well maybe having people portray the characters will give me more insight to it. I was pleasantly surprised it was better than all the skating reviews. CG I got a little bit annoying after a while, but for the most part it was enjoyable.
We were a bit worried about the low initial critics reports, but we had seen the Broadway show and loved it so we went anyway.So glad we did!Excellent movie!Acting, singing and dancing were all perfect.I'm sure it's a little sophisticated for some, but we loved it!
Once you get past the strange cgi choices. you get a strange yet entertaining musical. This definitely seems to miss the mark with tying to adapt a stage play to screen but i enjoyed what i got.
Huge Cats Theatre fan.Thought this adaptation was true to the original stage production.Loved the special effects with everyones ears and tails.Better stage production yes, but this is still good.Dont go expecting WOW, rather enjoy the music and the staging and the story. .
I thought it was a good movie, but did not know it was a musical. All in all, my wife and I enjoyed it. I did not see all the sexual innuendoes people are talking about, at the same time, I don't think I would recommend this movie to youngsters.
Awful, and very creepy, got out of the movie theater
I feel like this is getting a bad rap, mainly because people either have never seen the original Cats musical or they go into it expecting something completely different. I'm a huge theater geek, who also happens to be obsessed with felines, and adored the original play, so to me this was fantastic. I was smiling ear to ear for 90% of it and teared up a couple times.
Yikes, Ill have nightmares for a week. Had yo see this with a friend and even she did like it., The Cat People are uncanny valley and creepy and the whole thing feels very pretentious..
What i hate about this movie is the over use of introducing cat characters, a story that takes too long to follow, too many songs with too much energy. Maybe this movie would have been better as a full animated movie, though i do admire them for trying to make a Broadway musical with the graphics, background, the makeup and fur bodies. What i do love about this movie is the concept of staying true to yourself, redemption, reincarnation, everyone is still different but equal. The story does drag, the songs are hard to follow, the effects are weird and creepy, it's just one of those musicals that needs the right production crew to make it work. It's just babysteps from here and whatever happens next in the next 20 years.
Creepy cats,I almost left movie, Don't followed original story line. Don't waste a money
Despite all the horrible reviews, I loved Cats!.....or most of it. It was charming entertainment with lots of wonderful dancing and Andrew Lloyd Webber's beautiful music, and and the giant sets were fun. I had a hard time thinking of Old Deuteronomy as a female cat, but Judy Dench was a formidable leader. Not sure about the fur coat, the same fur as her own. Weird. My biggest disappointment was Jennifer Hudson's portrayal of Grizabella, which was over acted with too much cry/singing and snot rolling down her face. She was off key, off tempo....and singing Memories thee times was too much! Just do it once the right way... like Betty Buckley! The adorable lead white cat, played by Francesca Hayward, of the Royal Ballet of London was lovable and her beautiful dancing made the show. James Corden as Bustifer Jones was hilarious and totally enjoyable!Overall, I don't understand why all the nasty reviews. Go see it for yourself, but it's important to know about TS Eliot's book of poems, Old Possums Book of Practical Cats, that the play/ movie are about. Otherwise you won't have a clue what's going on!
The movie was great. I have been to the musical in Oslo before, and this movie was as amazing as the play i saw. I don't understand why everyone is nitpicking at this movie. CGI could have been better, other than that it was a fantastic movie!
Great cast. Horrible movie. It shouldve stayed on Broadway.
The movie is one where you need to have imagination.I never saw the Broadway production so I wasn't sure of the storyline so it took a bit for me to understand where the movie was going. I did arrive at understanding but until then, I was thoroughly captivated by the CGI work and performances by the talented cast.I was immediately pulled in by the performance of Francesca Hayward who excellent throughout the production.But there were many characters that excelled and entertained.To me, it was a fun time comparing the portrayal of cats to those of our own cats' mannerisms.This movie should receive an award for its effects the moving cats ears and tales was an incredible and expressive feature throughout the movie.And not so finally, the music is as you would expect from a Broadway production.The cast did an amazing job with the musical score.The only reason I didn't go 5 stars was my own failing.As I noted, I didn't know the storyline after all these years.Because it took me a while to catch on, I was lost for a bit and for my wife who follows Broadway productions less than me, even longer. But she enjoyed all of the effects as much as me.It was well worth the price of tickets despite some of the "professional" reviews panning the production.
If you liked the Broadway musical and dancing, it was enjoyable. I don't think it translated well to a movie, though. My granddaughter who was very excited to see it after the previews, was lost and bored halfway in.
The worst movie I ever watched
Music was great! Dancing was great! Loved it!
I wish I could unsee it.
So much talent! Loved everything. A little long.
Highlight was Jennifer Hudson singing Memories.
First, it really surprises me to see so many reviews from people that either a) said straight out that they thought the idea itself of the Broadway show was bad and they never would have gone to see it, but somehow went to this and expected to like it or b) knew nothing at all one way or another about Cats and went expecting to understand and appreciate it.I have seen the Broadway show many times.I know every word to every song by heart. Did I come to a movie of the Broadway show expecting to see a Broadway show? Of course not. I came to be entertained, and entertained I was.Instead of picking apart (or even noticing) every single little CGI thing that wasn't perfect or trying to MAKE it bad, I went to see exactly what I got...A story I knew, but with new things I found delightful.The singing was great, the dancing was fantastic.Even if you know the Broadway show in and out as I do, if you go with an open mind that this is NOT a stage performance and want to hear the music and see the dance and be entertained without spending the whole time expecting to hate it, it's a great movie.For those that did spend the whole time criticizing the imperfections, I'm afraid you missed a great show.
If you liked the broadway musical, you will like the movie.Forget all the nonsense from the critics about human hands, shoes etc.
Very slow start and fell asleep. Music was good. Acting was fine. Storyline needed more.
It was just terrible in every way. Hard to take such a poorly conceived movie seriously.
As someone who hates musicals in general I was forced to go watch with a person I support for work and I was loving it. Took a wee bit to get used to the fact they are cats not humans and that's why the size is odd in comparison, but neverthe less it had Ana absolutely amazing cast. The lead lady, jen Hudson, Taylor swift n judi Dench all amazing. Not to mention how hilarious the brilliant rebel Wilson and James corden. Just watch it it's the shiznit xxx
Music and dance was fantastic!
I enjoyed Little Women.It was very interesting and entertaining.It was longer than I thought it would be. I enjoyed going to the movies on Christmas Day!A new tradition.
From my 10 year old sister: "it was boring with no story. Can you do 0 stars?"
If you have seen the play there is no surprises, singing was spectacular.
The well known stars who signed on for this should be embarrassed at the outcome.The movie was horrible.If JHud hadn't had THE song that was near the end of the film, I would have left within the first 10 minutes (and of all the movies I've been to in my 57 years, I only have left one, and that was because I was in labor!).To throw in Taylor Swift flying down on a moon was a ploy by the director/producers to get her fans there. JHud's song (one of my favorite songs of all musical time) was not spectacular.She can sing anything well, and this was just a mediocre rendition of it.Story line not developed well sick of the word "Jellical" in 5 minutes wasted talent.Some musicals/movies just don't need to be redone or done at all on film. It belongs in the litter box.......it's one big coughed up hairball for movie history.
As a cat lover, the four legged variety, I went in with no expectations.The music, the sets, the actors blew me away. I am familiar with some musicals and found this one most impressive.In my humble opinion this is a must see film.The musical score is fantastic. Bravo!
I lost 8 out of my 9 lives and the last one is hanging by a thread
Horrible, I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight or like ever. God please erase this from my mind and if I can have one wish, let Taylor Swift never act again or sing...
I did not hit her. It's not true. It's bullshit. I did not hit her. I did naat. Oh hi, Mark.
Gentle, quiet, absorbing melancholy that is, as melancholy can sometimes be, somehow pleasant to experience here. Like spending the darkest part of night walking outside on damp, chilly, empty streets and letting your mind dwell on things you don't even have time for in the hubbub of daylight. A fever dream, an hallucination. I loved it, and thought the true leads (Francesca Hayward and Robbie Fairchild, not the more-advertised known stars) genuine discoveries as actors and dancers.
This is completely unwatchable
This is true ART! Interpreting the well known collections TS Eliots Old Possums Book of Practical Cats into a movie is delightfully entertaining. It has enough emotional depth in the main characters to carry the whimsical art of displaying the nature of cats with memorable LOVED music and beautiful dance!I had a smile on through the whole movie!
Excellent costume design. excellent sets and music.Average acting but exceptional plot development.
If you can go into it accepting the fact that a). its humans CGId as cats and b). that its a MUSICAL and by nature, inherently over the top, you can appreciate it. I went into it fully prepared to embrace both of those things and I liked it. It feels strange in the beginning as you get used to accepting the format of it all, but before you know it, youve fully given yourself over to it. The dance numbers were phenomenal, the casting spectacular. Jennifer Hudson delivered a particularly other-worldly performance, as to be expected. TL;DR: Ignore the intensely negative critics (because its easy and entertaining to ridicule things), and make your own decision about Cats IF its something you want to see! It just might delight you.
One of the worse movies I have seen.The hands on the cats distracted me.The tears and snot on Jennifer Hudson's every scene was weird.There was almost no story or it was very confusing and boring.The end seems to never end with Judy Dench's song.The scenery is almost the same throughout the 2 hours.The most disturbing scene is in the kitchen with Rebel Wilson.Even my favorite musical guy James Corden was disappointing because of how unlike a cat he looked and they just didn't give him any reason to be there.There is so so much more negative comments I can say but don't wanna waste time!!Just please don't go see it or see it to see how bad it is!!
This review is coming from a person with zero knowledge about Cats besides it being a broadway musical. What attracted me to the movie, initially, was Jennifer Hudson. She KILLED her performance! B R A V O !!!! Other than that, though, the storyline was nonexistent, the singing was so wordy and high pitched that I barely understood what they were singing about, and the ending didnt give the audience (me) anything to leave with. Usually you want more after watching a movie. All I wanted to do was ask questions. I had so many questions. WTH ! If youre a newbie to Cats like i was, dont go see it. Its a waste of time. However, if youre cool with too much singing and not enough plot and dialogue, then go for it. Overall, it didnt quite make sense and im still confused as I type this review.
I never desired to see the musical but figured it must be decent as it had such a long Broadway run. I don't know how much the movie adaptation follows the Broadway version but the movie was the worst movie I've ever seen. If i could have given it zero stars i would have. I have never left a movie review in my life ... I'm somewhat in shock at how absolutely wretched this movie is. Did the actors realize how bad it was while they were making it or after they saw it. Don't go see it even if your ticket is free.
my God what a horrible horrible movie. having seen it on Broadway at the wintergarden back in the day, somehow I thought a BIG cast like dench, Ian, Idris, Swift and the rest could put on a show. NEWP. what a total waste of money, talent and time. 
this movie is a disaster and should be ashamed of itself of being made.
I loved it - I am speaking as someone who has seen the stage musical and am aware that there is no plot, and yet there's a definite appeal about the show that I think will speak to some people, and perhaps not others. This was a very faithful adaptation of the stage musical - I don't know how else it would've honestly been done as live action. I was initially not happy about the trailer, like everyone else; but the visuals have improved and once the movie started I accepted the look and even grew to enjoy it. The characters are all there, and I thought the casting was spot on (except for maybe Swift as Bombalurina - it didn't seem like the right character for her).I was mesmerized by the expressive ears and tails and really believed that these were cats we were watching - yes, you'll need to already have a strong capacity for suspension of disbelief, and I suspect, judging from other reviews, that some viewers will not see past "people acting like cats", and that's a shame. But if you are already a fan of "Cats", you'll love this. Beautiful dancing and classic songs.
All the animation of the cats! Music was wonderful!
Both my husband and I loved the movie and the acting. The actors played unbelievably their roles. I am ready to see it again!
Great music. Fun characters.Wonderful choreography.Not sure what the professional reviewers panning this movie were expecting ...
No words.Worse than cat piss.
Oh dear... that's an hour and a half of my life Ill never get back.With all the incredible advances in technology - why would such a piece of garbage be offered to movie fans?
Jennifer Hudson did AMAZING with Memories... but even that didnt save the movie... not good
Deeply unsettling. This movie truly did not need to be made.
Great cast....nice to see with the family, My daughter loved it.However,, while entertaining, there just wasnt enough in the middle of the movie that was interesting.
No more musicals for Tom Hooper please. The guy cant direct. Period. And give Mrs.Dench her very well deserved Razzie. 
The end was stupid. Kind of creepy.
Great film.Loved it!Will go back to see it again.
Awful simply awful. Complete trash I wanted to like it so bad but it was just that SO BAD
They needed to stick to the original Broadway cats. The changes were not good changes especially adding sexualized actions. The special effects are awful! The cats looks the wrong size and they look like the actors are on a green screen because their feet never look in the right place. Just overall bad!! I was really looking forward to it because I live the Broadway show and I was VERY disappointed.
I loved Cats. Great performances from sll!
With the budget this film had why did it look so damn bad, not to mention the crappy execution of such a classic play.
I hadn't seen the 80s music before so I went in with little reference other then the trailer. I loved it and couldn't stop smiling. I know everyone likes to hate on this movie but I feel like it is such a creature of itself that you can't call it a "bad movie". It's a musical about a group if cats who show up once a year to preform for another cat to be granted reincarnation (I think). I mean how are you going to sit there and rate it by normal movie standards?
I don't understand what they were going for.They made choices that messed up things and didn't provide resolution or reason for the change.I fell asleep partway through and missed Gus', Macavity's and Skimbleshanks' numbers at the least.
They shouldn't be allowed to show this to prisoners. I would rather be water boarded.
Simply incredible. You won't get it if you don't have a soul, which is apparently 80% of people ...
I cried within the first seven minutes of this film; my eyes have been graced with divine knowledge. Years of therapy will do nothing to expunge this experience from my mind. Absolutely glorious.
Music and dancing was great...some really good performances but the story (even though I knew it) dragged for me in the middle...too bad, was hoping for more.
I think some people wanted to sandbag this movie.The acting, effects, and score were all well done, and some of the performances were outstanding.If you were disappointed by this, spend an afternoon with Philip Glass.I'm a dog person, but even I thought the cats in this movie are great.And Dame Judi's description of a cat at the end was spot on.Not only did I enjoy the movie, it's on my rewatch list.Sit back and be entertained- that's what 7decades of movie watching has taught me.
got to see the live performance when I was five. and watching it in theaters now makes even better. my favorite was Gus the railway cat.
It was oversexualized and deeply disturbing, I absolutely LOVED IT!
Some said this movie was Satan's handiwork, but even Satan has better taste than this.
I dont know what all the fuss was about over the movie. Is the plot thin? Yea, it was a play made up of weird childrens books and poems hodge podged together into something that for some reason became an international sensation. The movie has great singing, out of this world dancing, and some real tear jerker moments that will have you humming the riffs for days afterwards. The fur thing? I dont get it, they just look like cat people to me, certainly an upgrade from the KISS costumes and facepaint from the play IMHO.
I loved it! You have to wait a minute but there's a spectacular voice you'll hear. It's passion can be felt in incredible musical talent. I laughed, I giggled and I cried. I'm definitely getting the sound track.
"A cinematic clusterfuck."-Hayley S.
This is nice sound and songs... ugly disturbing effects. The old planet of the apes scarred people decades ago. This movie will scar new generations. Cant take the movie seriously. Watch it if you need an empty theater to sit at for a couple hours.
I thought this movie couldn't be as bad as the reviews.I was right.It was WORSE.I thought I understood the story line in the beginning. That quickly evaporated into nonsense.Rebel Wilson was repulsive, as were the dancing cockroaches (that she ate) and the mice with human child faces.Watching Rebel writhe on the floor was something I cannot un-see. I was embarrassed for Judi Densch in her drag queen costume and for Jennifer Hudson.OMG, what was she thinking?It was odd that none of the female felines had female anatomy except for.....the mercifully brief Taylor Swift with her God-awful accent.I can't believe no one associated with this movie didn't see how bad it would be half way through.
I think the music and dancing was really good. They stayed very true to the play. I'm guessing people that didn't like it didn't see the play nor are they fans of Broward.
What and the world were they thinking
The play was better and the movie was just a total waste of time
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. But then, we liked the original musical, too.And we take it for what it is - a musical taken directly from a book of poems that playfully skewer the personalities of the humans they resemble. No need for a deep plot here.Loved seeing the big stars doing camp renditions. The CGI seemed right on to me. Amazing that some critics can spend 1500 words dissing a song and dance show without even mentioning the stylish choreography.Many of the reviews seem cattier than the movie.
It was mixed feelings but I really enjoy the movie trying to understand what's going on haha... give it an opportunity :D
I enjoyed the choreography and cinematography! Kudos to Idris Elba, Judi Dench, Jennifer Hudson, and Jason Derulo for doing a great job!
I liked it..think u have to like theater though to appreciate it
I literally just walked out of this movie and I was only 20 min in. This movie is so terrible that you should not even watch itfree.
It was AWESOME
beautiful dancing, but there were definitely cgi issues. I think costumes would have gotten the movie a bit further in the immersion of fantasy.
Incredible interpretation of the musical. Not to be missed
awful. even the girl thought it was a disaster and she's a cat lady
If you like the musical youll love this movie. We laughed and we cried for so many different reasons. We were moved, we couldnt believe what we were seeing on the screen. It was wonderfully bizarre surreal joyful and beautiful.
RUN DONT WALK MY CHILDREN WILL NEVER BE THE SAME MY WIFE GAVE BIRTH TO A HYBRID JELLICLE HUMAN DURING OUR SCREENING MCCAVITY STOLE MY WIFE IM HOMELESS BROKEN AND ALONE AND IT WAS WORTH IT. IM ON THE HEAVISIDE LAYER NOW AND ILL NEVER COME DOWN
Omg so glad I only paid 5 for this movie. It is like watching someone just puke thoughts and cats into a movie.
Not a strong enough storyline.Both my wife and me wanedt to leave 10 minutes in
My 11 year old was able to sit through. We both appreciated the art and music.
If you aren't familiar with the original, dont bother unless you are into surrealism. As someone who loves the poems and the musical, this was done just about as well as I could have expected. Not perfect, but not disappointing. Will definitely be seeing it again!
It told the story better than play. Performances were fantastic
the cats with human faces just creeps me out
Terrible. The musical is much better. Don't watch this... even my younger cousins hated it. There was no story or point
I liked reading the twitter reviews after the movie. Only after seeing this can you fully appreciate the amazing twitter reviews.
I enjoyed it very much. The music and dancing is wonderful and there IS a story. I dont understand the bad reviews. The costuming is very skilled.
I highly enjoyed this movie. it was pretty true to the Broadway show, for an adaptation I loved it. Yes it strange, but the music can't help but put you in a great mood. I think a bad review because you don't understand the roots isn't fair to the movie.
my eyes omg it hurts
Great talent, memorable characters, and expert dancing .
Makes for a great sleeping aid
Greatly enjoyed this movie, and I am a "dog person." Just the way the cats' tails and ears move is worth seeing. The actors' expressions were purrrrfect!The singing voices very enjoyable and well cast. The girl who played the main character, White Cat did an amazing job.. I was very pleased and glad that I went
Cats was really good I would go and see it again I dont see why people say its not good but it was great.
All the acting was fabulous and the changes made were helpful.Will purchase the DVD when it comes out.
Jennifer Hudson was phenomenal beautiful voice and played her character well she as off the chains.Francesca Hayward was spectacular she was amazing a very good movie however I did not care for Taylor Swift's role but I like her music
Someone build me a time machine so I can go back in time and tell myself not to see it!
I wish there was more talking jus to fill you in on who and what was happening. It was hard for me to follow. I think I got the jest, but dont feel I completely understood.
God awful don't waste your time and money
WTH was I watching even my girlfriend was like wtf have I done ...
Loved the music, the costumes and that the dialogue was understanadable!My granddaughters loved it too!
If you like cats, well there you are.
good music, good explanation of plot. different from play but enjoyable
All the saving was superb!
Weird CGI (looks like they just put the actors in leotards). Hard to empathise with characters due to their strange creepiness. Plot not particularly engaging. Hardly any humour.
Really, not as bad as most people say it is. It's engaging and entertaining and the songs, especially Jennifer Hudson's "Memory" are simply awesome.
I've read the reviews so when my daughter begged me to see this movie with her I reckoned she'd owe me big time for months. I HATE musicals but...but... 5 minutes in and I was chuckling away. Imagine smoking too much waccy baccy after a heavy night out & bottle it -that is the essence of this film. I loved Rebel Wilson chowing down on tap dancing cockroaches while scratching her arse and Jason Derulo is the hottest tomcat in town & does a mean SarfLandan accent. Is it wrong to fancy a man in a fluffy cat suit? Asking for a friend. Go and see it for yourself- it's like a spaced out happy acid trip.
So boring. Songs are gay and don't make sense.
I love musicals, but not sure I would go see it again
I thought it was great! They moved like cats
The beginning felt disjointed and the lyrics to some of the songs in the beginning were too esoteric for folks not familiar with the subject especially if they had never heard the song before. The second half was touching and the ending was powerful.
Too much computer-generated stuff and too little plot. But if you love the musical, you'll like the movie. 3 and a half Meows.
I am a huge fan of the 1998 broadway CATS movie.This 2019 was not quite as good - loved Jennifer Hudson (I damn near ugly cried at her rendition of Memories) Judy Dench was so precious, as usual the tap dancing was awesome Taylor Swift was Meh - she needed much more pizzazz and sass and didnt need to be on McCavities side!!! Worst thing was the change to Mungojerry & Rumpleteasers song!! Why????Some of the cats looked like creepy demons too.It was very entertaining however while I would watch the 1998 version over and over again, I have no desire to watch this 2019 version again - once was enuf!
Best film ever - or maybe just winding up Rotten Tomarseholes
For what it was really good. I might have seen the fixed version, but if you have never seen the musical you may not like this film. Its an acquired taste.
It is not perfect, but is absolutely not the hair-ball the critics say it is!However it is not a mainstream film.If you do not like musicals do not see this film.It is a niche film and a fabulous, modern take on a niche musical. Yes, the CGI could be a little tighter in places, but the talent - dancers, singers, choreographers etc - make this a must see for any musical lover! (and to those people who see horny cats everywhere, I think some people may have a kinky side they are repressing - this film really is kid friendly!) So if you DON'T like musicals - don't see it!If you DO like musicals - enjoy the film!
Loved it! Like seeing old friends again, for those that don't get it you have to buy into the story
Absolutley brilliant, loved every minute. If you love the musical, you will love this. If you don't love musicals and you don't know cats it won't mean much, but to those of us who love the theatre it was a fantastic experience.
I was pleasantly surprised after reading all the negative reviews. I really enjoyed it.
I fell asleep through some of it. Not as spectacular as the previews made it seem
I love Broadway, I love musicals, I did not love this movie.I never saw this on Broadway and have no idea why it was such a hit.That being said, the cast was amazing, the singing and dancing was great.It was just the storyline that I couldn't deal with.
Go. Ignore the haters. This is terrific. Ive seen the stage production a few times, and was worried. It works very well. The emotion comes through extremely well, and I thought each member of the cast was fantastic. 
My wife and I liked this a lot. I've seen n the play twice, and was worried about the movie, especially with the downer reviews. I was totally fine with the digital fur, with a few exceptions were heads seemed a bit off. The music was fantastic, including from the non-pro singers. The lead, Francesca, is terrific in singing, dancing (of course) NSD acting. Drench is great. Heck, I liked every chapter and actor. Ignore the haters. Go.
It's just like the musical, but with an easier to follow plot. The CGI is a little odd, but no different from if they ran around in cat costumes.
It was too slow and hard to understand what it was all about
I thought this was an outstanding movie, I've seen it on stage and want to see the Broadway production. It finally made since to me watching the movie. Jennifer Hudson sang my favorite all time song Memories I would go see it again if I had the chance. I'm going to look for it to come on DVD and purchase it.
It is a ballet, plain and simple, the costumes are no different from the stage show. If you loved the musical then see the film, if not then it is wierd - but so is the stage show.
Ive never rated a movie before but I just had to say something. My husband and kids and I were so bored 30 minutes in, that we had to leave. I never saw the play but I guess I expected to see some kind of story line. There were just random songs and we couldnt take it anymore. The costumes and makeup were beautiful, which is the only reason I gave this more than half a star.
ok. so I knew Cats was gonna be bad. but it was really really bad. there was no actual storyline(the only reason I knew what was happening is because I read about the story beforehand) it's just a movie of random cat characters singing introduction songs about themselves and then for some reason Idris Elba has powers(which have no explanation at all). the only character I actually enjoyed was Taylor Swift, and shes in the move for about 2 minutes. dont waste ur time seeing this even if u wanted some campy horribleness. its beyond that
absolutely terrible...confusing, terrible music, memories was the only good song but Jennifer Hudson had snots running down her face .so gross!
My fight or flight instincts kicked in about half way through this fever dream of a film. The only thing that kept me in the theater was the knowledge that I paid money to see the picture. I'm not sure if I enjoyed it, but an abomination of cinema is what I went into see and by god, did I get it.
Cats is a brilliant movie that takes every bad thing about stage musicals and makes them even worse. Its characters, while clearly meant to be cats, are not. They are human-animal hybrids bred in vitro from cells that are sterile. The result is grotesque and absurd, a parody of both traditional dance and animal rights. In hindsight, it was just not a good idea to preserve Lloyd Webber in a junkyard with T.S. Eliot 's weird little creations. There is a real scene that flattens dancers with a barge and promptly celebrates it as a great honor. In another, cats are legion, and they crawl across the stage in a kind of monstrous spectacle of live fur and tails, millions of them, all with whiskers.So what's the deal with Cats? Is the entire industry out to destroy our creative side? The short answer is yes. The long answer, of course, is yes.I dreamed of these cats last night, and I will never be free.
Not nearly as bad as some of the snarky reviews would have you believe. Bad comedic portions by Rebel Wilson and James Corden, but the core musical is intact and better than ever.
The visuals and CGI killed what could have been a great film adaptation of the classic musical from Andrew Lloyd Webber.
The movie was really boring cause it was mainly about cats
Very disappointed by the singing. Sounded more like a high school production. The quality of the voices and the rendering were no where near what we heard on Broadway.
Weird, wacky, and wonderful.Full of purr-fect singing, and feline-like dancing.Cats has taken the cinema by storm.Some are confused (those who appreciate the stage musical will say most have always been confused).The film is filled with all the favourite songs, sung by top-notch talent.The choreography very cleverly merges the styles of hip-hop and ballet, fitting with the music wonderfully; and the dancers did a stunning job.Although critics seem to claim a lack of plot, there is a clear theme throughout the film, and the plot is not the main point for this wonder-show.The focus on the CGI effects and costuming need only concern those who make themselves care; it is not the main focus, and the humanoid-cats is the point of the show, and always has been since the stage musical and the original allegorical poems.The movement of the tails fits perfectly with the dancing, and you almost don't notice the ears move.Overall, the film is a delight of song and dance, although if you don't understand ballet you won't understand the dancing interludes.Wild and weird, the film keeps to the spirit of the stage play and is one of the best transferences of stage to screen that has been done in recent decades.So ignore the critics, and go and make a decision for yourself.
it was meaningless,also new song by taylor swift is very very unnecesary. As well as her acting. Can she just keep her self to singing???She just cant act
I never saw the play but have known the soundtrack for 30+ years. I sang along and watched mesmerized by it all. Sure I could tell some things were CGI right away and some of the cast did better than others but it was still very enjoyable. I don't know if I would have felt the same if I had ever seen it on Broadway but that is how I felt when I watched it in the theater. Jennifer Hudson did a very good job with her version of Memories and even put her own twist on it. I still felt a connection to the songs but could tell they were not the originals. I missed the story of the Siamese.
This was the worst thing I have ever saw it hurt my eyes the cats are so bad.
Once you get used to the feline CGI, there is a lot to like about Cats; mainly the talent and performance of the cast. Not one cast member should be faulted with everyone playing there role well. Jennifer Hudson steals every scene she's in and knocks memories out of the park!What let's the movie down is the very short and thin plot, which largely comes from staying too close to the source material. An enjoyable film, that from my point of view should be admired for the sheer audacity of the production and quality of the performance, even if some of the CGI does not hit home and the plot needs work.
Expecting more than what was portrayed
Glad I saw it in theaters.Only complaint was I wish the camera had pulled away so I could enjoy the background cats acting like cats more, and I wanted to hear more of Growltiger's song.I liked how the story was tied together better than the stage version.
I enjoyed the film! I enjoy CGI and special effects anytime. The acting, dancing, general movement of the players was entertaining even though the story line was weak but the stage play didn't have a heavy story line either...
 plZ dont watch it
I thought it was very drab color wise. I felt as though the cats were muted in their colors.
If you enjoyed Cats the musical, and had fond memories of it .... don't see this .... it'd be like if a semi trailer ran over the all the cats, along with all your hopes and dreams ....... it is that bad ....
Disgraceful. I went with a few people and most of them fell asleep. The movie is like a poorly designed endurance test that examines whether or not you can tolerate 2 hours of disjointed musical setpieces that are performed by people who for the most part cannot sing. It's also a dance-based musical which would be fine if not for the fact that the visuals are deeply distracting, and instead of focusing on the dancing you're wondering why cats have human appendages and why they all look so horrible. This film fails on almost every level that a film can fail, and even though I have an unlimited card and thus didn't pay for this film, I still felt ripped off afterwards. My deepest sympathy to everybody who pays to see this trainwreck.
Worst thing I have ever seen. I wanted to rip my eyes out. Don't pay for this.
The movie was all about 2 performances totaling 6 minutes.
I liked it more than most. I did think they could have removed some of the snot dripping from Hudsons nose. The had to add get whiskers anyway. Why not remove some of that gross dripping at the same time. It almost ruined the entire show.
It was hard to follow.
Unrealistic cat musical I hope they got paid a lot of money because it wont last a week The movie theater was empty and as the movie plodded along more people ran out of the movie asking for a refund 2 hours Ill never get back Awful idea
Marianas trench of uncanny valleys... unwatchable... they wanted to make a musical, the made a horror story guaranteed to give you nightmares for years.
Can anyone genuinely explain the storyline to me?Soundtrack is atrocious.CGI is atrocious.Worst film of 2019.
Disgusting movie! Gross even!I suppose the stage rendition worked well but seeing these cat-people on the big screen was not charming and the songs unmemorable. Rebel Wilson was not very appealing.Unfortunately, I left before seeing Taylor Swift.I heard see was the only good thing about the movie.
the worst thing ever created by man
Yeah. I have lost hope for the human race
I went to see this movie just to see if..EVERYONE was right and curiousity killed this cat! This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The only positive is that the actors/singers did the best they could with the material given. Dench, the old man cat, Idris, Hudson,Corden, and Swift shine through the corny uncanny valley that is this production.
Best decision I ever made
It was just awful.Each performance was good but it was a terrible show nonetheless.
The makeup or costumes were awesome and realistic.
I only give it two stars because it was better than Marriage Story, and I need to keep that firmly in my position for worst movie of the year.In summary,Jennifer Hudson is still a once in a generation voice, Cats is still a very odd story, and Taylor Swift is not 100% sure where any of her limbs are.
Its a great adaptation of the musical play. Wonderful for the holiday. Vidually beautiful and wonderful singers and dancers.
God awful movie why, just why does this exist who had the idea to make this a movie who in there right mind would enjoy this terrible film dont watch just please for the love of god do not watch this god awful movie.
Horrible acting and creepy visual effects.
I loved it!Glad I didnt listen to Rotten Tomatoes reviews!
It's true to the stage show. Not terrible, not great. If you don't like the musical, you won't like it. If you do like the musical, you'll probably like it.
this movie is an abomination. nobody who likes this even knows who t.s. eliot is. t.s. eliot would defecate on this travesty
I started writing but where to go? It's just really odd, Idris Elba is good, but there are so many poor choices from the cats (human hands, faces) to the CGI feeling wrong in some dance sequences resulting in actors looking as if they float above the ground, unlikely to be an issue in smaller screens though.It tries so hard, but misses time and again. I genuinely found it boring at parts despite it not being a long movie.
Horrible movie!We walked out of the theatre 10 mins into the movie.Theatre said Fandango had to give us a refund, Fandango said there are no refunds.So we are out 20 but did not waste another moment of our day watching a creepy, confusing, boring movie.I posted a Facebook post and all my friends agreed it wasn't worthy of even the half star rating.Warning to anyone else, if you dislike a movie, Fandango gives no refunds even after just watching 10 mins.It makes me reconsider ever buying theatre tickets through them again.If we would have gone through Cinemark directly, they said they could have exchanged our ticket for another movie.Lesson learned.
Super over the top, campy, glorious, great musical numbers, and sets. Jennifer Hudson was brilliant. Editing still needs a bit of work, especially in the Gumby Cat song, with the rats and cockroaches. Was still worth every penny.
I have never seen the musical, so was unfamiliar with Cats before seeing the movie. The plot is difficult to follow and leaves you asking a lot of questions at the end. After reading the origin of the musical, it makes sense, given it was based on poetry. I probably would have liked it more if I was a fan of the original musical prior to seeing the movie.
Ewwww hell no Im not watching this crap.
My grandsons and I thought the movie was great! The costumes, songs and movements were supreme.
Boring & so extremely hard to keep up with. The music is boring and could put you to sleep.
Doesn't warrant a review it was so bad
Spent 30 for this movie for my youngest daughter, mother and I to see it.We only made it through 45 minutes and left.So I wasted money on a movie we didnt like and left.We love musicals but this was a bust.
We loved the movie! Great singing and the actor cats were so realistic!!
It is a musical,so it will not be appealing to all folks.I really enjoyed the music and costumes. My husband now wants to see the play.Bravo!
A beautifully done and musical adventure that is fun for the whole family!
FAB-U-LOUS.I went to see it twice in the same weekend, once with a young lady friend and again with my daughter.Can't wait for the DVD to come out.
I love the film and play Cats. I grew up watching it and was excited that a full length movie was out. you have to appreciate the play and story line to get it. I'm sorry for those who didn't get it and rated it low.
Oh its absolutely the worst movie ever. Its just terrible. This movie should be shown to detainees at guantanamo bay as a form of torture.
This movie was wonderful fun and deserved much better reviews. I saw 8 Broadway casts do this show in NYC and this movie was just as entertaining and in some ways better. LOVED it. The whole family did, even Grumpy Grandpa. High recommend.
Firstly a fan of the musical. So obviously I loved it! Well acted with also well done! 
If you are a fan of the musical and the songs then you will enjoy this. Dont know why everyone is hating on it or what they expected.
Loved it!Even cried with "Memories".
Remarkable performance as well as remarkable cast.
Get interpretation of thePlay but the special effects could of been better. The songs were greatly sung but were a little slow.
i loved it sorry to everyone else
Loved it! They did a fabulous job!
It is a Musical, you will hear almost all singing and see dancing. The movie does have a great heartwarming story, just listen. If you enjoy musicals than this is a must see! It mean't a lot to me to see it because it gave me memories of when I would go to see it on Broadway. This is far from the bad things the critics are saying. If you choose to go please don't go filled with the bad reviews, open your heart, ears and eyes to it. It's not a movie with drugs and violence, it's a musical story put on film.
CG reminds me the first version of Sonic Movie it looks so grotesque and disgusting. Storyline itself is pretty weak. However, I did like several songs.
Just like the Broadway musical but better!!! (no wires to distract you)
loved the costumes and songs
How technically competent cast and crew are behind this monstrosity I have no idea 
It's simply not movie
So this is a very strange film.If you like the stage production I believe you will like it.The songs aren't really that different.The story, or lack thereof, is still present.The CGI cats look weird also I don't get the scale of the cats in relation to their surroundings.I really think it would be better if it was just people dressed up as cats instead of whatever they tried to do here.
I liked the story line.
Fun , great music, dancing wasamazing, technology awesome
Singing by Jennifer Hudson + Francesca Howard is wonderful. The dancing is energetic and fun. Ignore the weird CGI fur, ears + tails., ignore mice + roaches-yuk.If you liked the original Broadwaymusical,ignore the critics, go enjoy this. Memory will make you cry. Jhud delivers it. Beautiful Ghosts is a lovely song. Taylor Swift should win an Oscar for best song.
Everyone get ready to transported to a world where cats rule, dogs drool, and humans are nowhere to be found. The actors are intriguing to watch, because you forget they are human. Their personification of individual cat traits and personalities keeps you glued to the screen. It is fun to watch our favorite stars such as Taylor Swift, Rebel Wilson and Jennifer Hudson behaving as if they are cats. Victoria (Francesca Hayward) is a gorgeous dancer and singer. I have never seen a moregraceful cat than her. When her journey begins it seems that she is a very scared young kitten, but as time goes on she grows to be a very graceful cat who knows what to do. Since she is such a great singer, she is my favorite character. Mr. Mistoffelees (Laurie Davidson) is the most magical cat I ever seen and he always has trick up his sleeve. Plus, he is too gosh darn cute to ignore. The song Skimbleshanks, the Railway Cat by Andrew Lloyd Webber is magnificent and too cute to ignore. The cinematography is magnificent and the dancing is outstanding. One of the best moments in Cats is the song sung when Skimbleshanks is tap dancing and turns the whole stage into a railway station.The graphics are eye candy. Everywhere you look there is something or someone to look at. One time, it's a giant bed the size of three people, another time it's a building in the background, or it might even be the cats themselves. No matter where you look your eyes are never bored and there is always a fun graphic or two or three. The dancers are stupendous. When they are dancing they act like cats. When performing simple moves they have to land or do the move in a whole new different way. Plus all time they are standing like cats and walking on all fours. The songs from Cats are all now going onto my fave playlist because they all are so good. Each song is sung by different artist, so we get a glimpse of many different art forms while watching the film. We also see the characters having fun and being themselves. Cats is based on the award-winning Broadway play and book Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats.It is definitely a must see for 2019. People who love song and dance and are animal fans will find it a fascinating and magical experience. I give Cats 5 out 5 stars and recommend it for ages 9 to 18. Reviewed by Morgan B, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic. For more reviews by tweens and teens, visit kids first dot org.
I dont know why there is so much hate towards this movie it is so good. I love cats and I love it even more because of this movie. It may have a singing but it is still amazing 
A little slow paced. But I loved the cats and the things they did.
Hard to find the story line. Never could get into it. Visuals, movement, music and dancing were amazing
Ok, movie but would not recommend.
This rendition of Cats was really pretty good. Ive seen and played for the stage play, which always puzzled me because of the storyline, which was more of a series of vignettes rather than an actual story. But the movie has fixed that problem- they actually gave it more of a storyline and tied everything together much better. The makeup is outstanding. The singers are outdone by their Broadway counterparts, but they make the parts very believable. Judy Dench makes a very good Deuteronomy. If you enjoy ballet and dance, then youll enjoy the dance numbers. The new songs that Andrew Lloyd Webber added arent as good as his original music, but they work to tie the storyline together better. I found this version of Cats refreshing and interesting, and enjoyed the movie.
I thought it was very well done. I have seen the play which I loved and really enjoyed this movie. I do not understand the slamming it has gotten. It seems that people would rather watch violenceand upheaval, a sign of the times rather than watch a uplifting story. Very sad commentary of our present society.
The dancing was amazing especially the tap routine with Steven Mccrae
I don't wish to be too harsh, but there are moments where I found myself wishing Emily Thornberry would appear to put everybody out of their misery.
We loved this movie because it was so similar to the original stage show. We think the critics have got this wrong. If you enjoyed the show and love musicals then go and see it and make your own mind up.We enjoyed the singing and dancing and especially James Corden's cat but all the cast were good.Cat lovers would like this film too although we are dog people so it is not essential.
If a person enjoys plays, Cats is Purrrfect. Effects were Fantastic. Some vocals / speaking could have received better modulation attention.
it was a little slow in starting but as the movie went on became excellent the makeup and the ears and tails were amazing singing was fantastic
The new actress and dancer, Francesca is super! The music and humor at times was GREAT! Jennifer Hudson sang Memories so beautifully! Loved the Movie!
Probably one of the most disturbing movies I had ever seen. I have no idea how they got such a star studded cast to take part in this abomination.
Taylor Swift & Jennifer Hudson were good.....the rest of the movie was an unfortunate disaster! 
On par with the Human Centepede in its ability to make give us nightmares for years to come....
a little long but the music and actors were great
The lyrics where unclear and even if you like musicals you really bead to listen to understand
Slow and not well done
The classic Broadway production thatis so beloved, did not translate well in the big screen. Sadly this one missed the mark for me.
I think to enjoy this movie you would probably have had to seen Cats on Broadway and understand it is a Broadway movie. For me it was nostalgic because I had not seen the musical since I was a kid and hearing the songs again gave me goosebumps. Jennifer Hudsons memories gave me full body chills and tears. If you go in with an open mind and you loved it in the theater, you will enjoy this movie! 
It was great.Victoria was exceptional.Singing, dancing and acting all brilliant.Doesn't deserve the bad reviews.It was a great piece of theatre on the big screen.
"A CAT - IS NOT A DOG" - Dame Judi Dench
Great cast! Music, acting, and dancing was excellent. The actors portrayed catlike movementsand showed emotions of the cats as well. The settings were convincing, and there was a good story to follow. I am a cat lover anyway, and that certainly made it that much more enjoyable.
I recommend not listening to the critics and go see this movie yourself, it may surely surprise you like it did for me.
I found it to be much more entertaining than the stage show. Using big name actors and ballet experts meant the vocals were not as good as the show but the action and dancing are far better against many varied locations.
I love musicals, came out of this initially thinking it was OK, at its core is the stage show, the singing is OK, the dancing superb (when it doesn't rely on CGI movement), it's undoubtedly weird and the stunt celebrity casting makes that even worse and detracts, in fact the best performances are from the actual stage dancers.I don't think Tobe Hooper should be let anywhere near a screen musical again though, his decision to make JHud ooze snot and tears throughout Memory spoils both the song and her performance. The worse bits are the more than occasionally poor CGI, the celebrities trying to be cat like and above all the terrible faux comedy shtick from Corden and Wilson which is unbelievably bad.
The costume design was incomplete cats dont have wedding bands. I gave more than one star for the singing.
What the actual fuck
I thought the movie was wonderful and so did the rest of my family. We were left wondering if the critics saw the same movie.
The movie was funny and the talent really shined through. Great music and great dancing. It's a slow start but gets better as it goes. The children in the theater seemed to enjoy it too. If you like musicals it's definitely worth seeing it for yourself. Glad I ignore the critics.
It was so boring and I didnt even get it.. only a couple songs were good with jennifer Hudson and taylor swift.
My grandson and I thoroughly enjoyed the movie yesterday.We couldn't get into the the early afternoon screening and got the last two tickets for the next one.We would suggest you go and forget the critics!
A beloved musical has "brilliantly" been adapted into a horror flick... but I don't believe it was supposed to be scary.
Honestly really liked it! Went in knowing it was gonna be a little weird and just rode the wave. Just go in with an open mind and you'll be fine!
Francesca Hayward and Robbie Fairchild are exceptional; many goodperformances including Jennifer Hudson, Idris Elba, Dame Judy Dench and Sir Ian McKellen.Cannot solve problems inherent with original musical
I and my 15 year old grandson enjoyed it very much.
Terrible. Worst than TROS.
Worst film I have ever been to see.Saw it at a good cinema The Vue in Exeter Devon.The CGI made it all bizarre and the music was awful except for 'Memories'.I wondered why those good actors got into it, as it made them look ridiculous.
What the FUCK! the most confusing part is learning that Tom Hooper, of all people, is the director of the film.
Yeah, it's weird. That's kind of Cats' thing. Get over it. The music and singing and dancing in this are fantastic, and everyone plays their part with amazing sincerity and emotion. Highly recommend as long as you know what you're getting into and don't expect a straightforward narrative or songs that make perfect literal sense. The feeling evoked is sublime.
I loved it, its fun and shouldn't be taken too seriously!
It was terrible and we walked out halfway through. How can we get a refund?
What a magical movie! I went in expecting it to be an instant cult classic from all if the bad reviews, but I thought it was brilliant from start to finish. I have had the pleasure of attending a live theater version of Cats and grew up listening to the original score, so I was already a Cats fan. One of the best movies I have seen in a long time.
Dont waste your time seeing this movie, it was horrible.The half star is because Jennifer Hudson singing Memory was amazing. If you feel compelled to see it, wait until you can see it at home.
This movie is weird, but I loved its weirdness. I was mesmerized by Francesca Hayward as Victoria. Idris Elba and Judi Dench were fantastic. I liked the music. I liked the weird visuals. I liked it.
Cats is a cinematic masterpiece. Anyone who rated the film less than 5 stars clearly does not know true artistry.
Okay, so I will start by saying this. If you are not familiar with the musical or are not a fan of musicals, you may not enjoy this movie. That being said, the movie was a delightful 2 hours of laughs and tears. Yes, there were inconsistencies with the effects, but seriously-unless you are super nitpicky and you expect your 10 dollars to equal absolute perfection...well, the rest of the world isn't really that critical. It was amazing what they achieved and overall the product was very satisfying. It is what it is- a movie adaptation of a stage musical. People who love fun or musicals or who like dancing and singing are probably going to love this. If you are familiar with the stage version, there are some pretty major differences, but the heart of the musical is still strong. Awesome!
this is the final resting place of Gandalf... Disney in on a row (Star Wars ep 9) pooping shitty movies one after the other.... This is a hard pass recommendation, guys.
You have to have a cat to truly understand the movie. I absolutely loved this movie. People should stop complaining and enjoy it for the greatness it is. Light hearted.
Cats 2019 was....... actually really good? I think, it's definitely got flaws. This iteration of Cats manages to bridge together a more coherent version of the loose plot.Because of this the characters are given more depth, Mr Mistoffelees is given a while arc about self acceptance and believing in yourself, this makes the scene where he brings back Deuteronomy so much more powerful. I also like how Victoria is used as a way to guide the audience through this world, it was a good way to bridge everything together. Unfortunately the worst parts of this movie are the cgi which feels sort of unfinished in a way. The background characters feet often float over the ground and at certain angles it just looks like they are walking on air. The dancing also was kinda lame and sad to watch. The incorporation of hip hop didn't work very well with the music and it's like the cgi couldn't keep up with the choreo so it looked wonky and dull. The segments with contemporary/ballet specifically with Victoria were good but still suffered from the cgi making the dances look lifeless. Often time when dancers would do leaps they would float across the screen and it looked weird af. The way they filmed the dance scenes was also a miss, they had the camera focus on such irrelevant parts that we missed the actual dance numbers. Not to attack Andy Blankenbuehler but his choreo just was a miss in general and they should have attempted to infuse the mixed choreo of Andy B and Gillian Lynne that was in the recent revival, it balanced the hip hop and contemporary dance moves much better. As for the songs well they were pretty good. I am upset they used the og mungojerrie and rumpleteazer song rather than the 1998 film version but it's fine the scene was still fun because the two actors nailed the facials and spirit of the characters. I also didn't mind that some of the songs were sung live as Hooper did with les mis. Songs like memory and even parts of Jellicle Songs For Jellicle Cats really benefit from the live singing element. The best songs were probably, "Skimbleshanks", "Macavity", and"Beautiful Ghosts". Speaking of "Beautiful Ghosts", what a good ass song, for me it didn't seem too out of place and I thought it was enchanting and so catchy. The cast was also pretty great. Jennifer Hudson made a great Griz, she wasn't my fav griz but she did the the job and did give me chills during Memory. James Cordon was fun as Bustopher Jones, I personally have always hated his characters song but I really enjoyed the changes they made to his character and the song. Rebel Wilson was funny for the most part, she had hit or miss jokes and I wasn't really into the Gumbie Cat song in this version. Jason Derulo was great at Tugger, he had the right energy and charisma. Idris was great as Macavity, he gave off classic Disney villain vibes and I really enjoyed how devious he was. As for Taylor Swift, despite only being in literally 7 minutes of the film she was amazing. Taylor delivered Macavity with so much passion and her vocals and acting were just great, I was shocked. Francesca was a great actress and Laurie Davidson was a great choice for Mistoffelees. I don't wanna go through every actor but generally the cast was on point. I think compared to the stage show it's a decent enough adaption. The 1998 version remains the best filmed version but I think the new additions to the plot make this one worth the watch if you like Cats. I think if you're not a Cats fan you'll probably dislike this film, and if you go in thinking you're gonna hate it then you probably will. Idk, I'm both surprised and not surprised by the backlash because the film is pretty harmless and for those who haven't seen it yet you'll probably be surprised how it's not as bad as the critics reviews are making it out to be.
Special effects and costumes were awesome!
I saw the play. Loved the music, but never got the plot. It was wonderful seeing this on film. I could understand the dialogue and finally gotit! Jennifer Hudson clinched it with the song Memories .
Just no, like oh god. Please no
Loved the actors, especially the girls in tight cat suits
Absolute waste of time and money.
New York and London are vital world capitals of culture and commerce, but cities marred by the historical fact that, for decades, hundreds of theater goers nightly paid good money to watch a plotless mess on stage. If that is not your opinion of Cats, then you should enjoy this movie. Any flaws of the film are not the fault of the actors, and, at least as far as my imagination can take me, it was not director Tom Hopper's fault either. The play was such an odd spectacle, punctuated by two good melodies and, importantly, one of the most luxuriously lovely songs in the history of musical theater. I might have been happier if the whole movie was Memory on repeat twenty times..At least four other numbers could have been cut without a beat.However, the movie isn't the hallucinogenic mess the worst of the critiques have asserted it is. The unknown lead is charming (Meow!), and the host of stars (Dench, Swift, Elba) make move things along. Maybe Hopper could have made more use of the London streetscape, or even used animation or live cats to juice the visual effects, but if you think you are going in for the worst movie ever, you might be pleasantly surprised.
If you ever wondered what it was like to be high before experiencing a high, just watch Cats. I'm so sorry Mr. Webber. You deserved better.
I gave it a chance.Thinking, "is this so bad it's good" sorta movie?It's not.Not even campy.It's soulless.Hollow.Empty. BTW, the broadway musical Cats too is an overrated mess.Save your $ and your time (even you AMC Alisters who can see this for free).Run run RUN away from this CAT-ASTROPHE!It's so bad I walked out of it.And I was on a plane!:)
Its weird. But then again so is the musical. Pretty much the only song worth remembering from the movie is Memory. That song was powerful. The rest: forgettable. 
Terrible movie, no plot, acting was subpar. Taylor Swifts song was probably the best part of that movie.
This is the most uncreative, unfunny, cringy, worst idea in movie history
This is definitely a musical lovers movie. If you don't like musicals, do not go. It won't make you change your mind.
I couldn't follow the songs....
This may have been good if it was rereleased as the actual play but it was really hard to follow as a movie. I feel that it was not adapted well enough for a movie for those who have never seen the play and are being introduced to the story as a movie.
I know that most of the movie critics have panned this movie, but I found it very entertaining.Andrew Lloyd Webbers music is, as always, enchanting.The idea of a movie from a cats point of view was refreshing.The movements, like theslinky walking, head rubs, and twitching of the ears captured a cats true personality.Granted, Im a cat lover, but even dog lovers can find entertainment in this movie.Ill definitely see it again and buy the video if/when its released.
Torture! Wheres my Sarah McLachlan song for what I just witnessed. They managed to make Cats unbearable. Andrew Lloyd Webber eyes would be bleeding and T.S. Eliot is currently rolling over in his grave. Absolute garbage!
Strictly a broadway play and mostly lame music.
This movie is an LSD trip gone bad, and the horrors start immediately. Within the first 15 minutes you watch as cat Rebel Wilson devours dancing cockroaches with human faces, and its all downhill from there. The music from the original broadway production are the only reason this movie gets even a single star (bookending the show-stopper memory with a soulless new song: Beautiful Ghosts, almost resulted in a half star instead), every other aspect of this film is pure nightmare fuel. The CGI glitches randomly: faces do not always align with bodies, shoes appear and disappear on the cats as they dance, and apparently no one involved in the production of this film knows how big cats actually are. If you love the original broadway show and desperately want to hear the songs, just wait and buy the soundtrack - once you see this film, you cannot unsee it... images from it still haunt me.
Great performance !!!!
Awful ... left halfway through the show. Wish I could get a refund
Some of the songs were good. You need a ridiculous amount of context coming into this movie. Movie does a really bad job at world building. I genuinely tried to enjoy it, but it gave me a headache trying to figure out what was going on.
The dancing was painful, the songs were as repetitious as I remember, and the comedy was awkward and ill-performed. Strangely, Taylor Swift was probably the most interesting part of the whole sad affair.Wilson and the tv talk host were probably the least well-served by their roles and sordid unimaginative business.Who choreographed? Much of the dancing looked gracelessly improvised, sloppy and amateurish.
I thought it was very good.Iris different, but I like both interpretations.Well done!
The best worst movie of all time
It was very well done.The dancing and music was excellent.Memories was so amazing I was in tears.If you are going becauseof the Taylor Swift bit...prepare to be disappointed.
I was really confused and weirded out by the whole movie.
We loved the costumes, sets, music and most of all the performances
Boring, nonstop musical, might have been good live, but movie was, well I fell asleep. And spending 50 to see it really made it terrible
Terrible, just terrible. Save yourself the agony of this abomination of a movie.
Confusing!!!Costumes were great though!
Say what you want but Im seeing this movie as many times as possible and no one will stop me.
This movie is so devoid of humanism and sanity that I found myself wondering how to get reimbursement for my time.
A great musical - singing, acting, costumes, dancing - all were spot on.What else would anyone that enjoys all types of movies want.
Absolutely charming!Professional ballet dancers display the grace of beautiful cats, and Rebel Wilson shows the ungraceful and funny side. The cat eats and tails moved the way real cat ears and tails move to indicate emotion,and that kept me smiling. I loved the movie, and I will see it again.
When they initially announced Cats awhile back I was pretty excited. When they announced the cast I was really excited. When I saw the first trailer I thought "oh man this is going to be a trainwreck."It was not a trainwreck. It was by no however anything I would recommend to either 1.) anyone who isn't into musical theater or 2.) anyone actually likes the original stage production. What was great about it? The choreography. Francesa Hayward doing anything that wasn't singing. Idris Elba slinking around basically naked and covered in fur. The cast together sounded AMAZING. Taylor Swift was decent. What wasn't great about it? The CGI madness. Literally this movie would have been so much better if they just suck to the makeup. Also the scaling was just bizarre. Hooper didn't change the music A TON with Les Miserables so I don't know why such big liberties were taken here. I'm okay with updating songs. But the updates were downright awful. And literally every single thing was CGI. Why am I watching computer generated cat people? There was a point where I just couldn't stop laughing for about 10 minutes straight. I'm going to continue to hang on to the memory of 1998 film and try to forget about this.
Cats is a film of which caliber we may never see again. Such a failure of an attempt to make a by the numbers winter season Oscar bait movie can't be properly described. The gods did not gift us with the words to describe what ever it was I saw. This will be a movie I spend every Christmas watching.
Do NOT let the critics dissuade you. If you're a fan of the on-stage musical, See This Movie! They more than do it justice. The voices and the dancing are superb.
This was the greatest trainwreck I have ever seen. If you go in with ridiculously low expectations, it's a great waste of two hours.
Jennifer Hudson had me in tears. Stop overthinking the movie and lose yourself in the performances!!!
Great story line, beautiful voices. The costumes were gorgeous. The acting was great. Even my 5 year old loved it.
Awful, waste of time and money. You can literally see broken CGI moments where an actors normal body part is visible.
Boring, dark, Boring.A total waste of money!
Don't listen to the critics! Very good! beautiful music and acting
The choreography was good BUT the movie will lull you to sleep. The mice and cockroach scene was just plain dumb. The only highlight was Taylor Swift. She was awesome. 
This is atrocious. I don't what's worse, seeing James Cordon appear in something that perfectly reflects his lack of talent, or seeing Idris Elba wasting his amazing talents on joining in with this utter mess. Judi Dench, why? Didn't you see that Rebel Wilson and Taylor Swift were in cast? Do you know their bomb-to-hit ratio? The utterly disgusting design of everything in the film should make one let the cat out of the bag and one needs a play to puke from the nausea forthcoming. This is the worst musical I have ever seen on film.
Why did they do this? The live recordings from the 80s was much better.
Other than some of the dancing, thought this was a horrible movie.If not for my mom wanting to see it, I would have walked out.Suffice it to say, she didnt like it either.
This wasn't meant for a movie audience. K eep it on Broadway. Taylor Swift was beautiful. 
Worst movie Ive seen in a long time! Terrible acting, no idea what the story was and what they were trying to convey! I wanted to ask for my money back!
Jennifer Hudson singing Memories gave me the chills. AMAZING
Once you accept the uncanny valley, and accept the inconsistencies in scale of the cats and their world, this movie works, and works well!Cinema asks that you accept the world the film exists in, and once you do that, you will be lost in the world of the Jellicle cats.If people can suspend their disbelief in the physics of Star Wars, how hard can it be to accept the Jellicle cats?
I love musicals. This is not one.
Id rather watch my parents have intercourse than to have to see this movie again.
This movie was a disaster an abomination a train-wreck. I absolutely hated it and am stunned it was ever made.
I really liked it. The dancing is excellent and its beautiful, funny and quirky, just like it's supposed to be. Well worth the money. I would see it again.
This was a great and fresh adaptation of CATS. Wow, the cgi effects put you in a real setting that could never be done on stage. So much better than any live play I have seen. Only negative, did not like the performance of Memories.
Basically blend, no blockbuster renditions of great songs, only positives were the ballet sequences
The amazingcast, music, and dancing was terrific.i reallydont understand all the horrible reviews.Makes no sense!! If you like the Broadway show then youwill like this version. Go see it foryourself.
If you loved it on stage. You will love it in the theater. Felt more like you were in their world,it was alive.
I thought the movie was fabulous...The dancing was amazing...Rebel Wilson was a gas
Actors were funny - glad they had some comedians in there.It was uncomfortable at certain points and for my teen daughter.Story line and singing the same but you have to like musicals as its all singing
I feel so sorry for the reviewers who cannot see the beauty in every part of this movie...the directing, the choreography, the actors, the music. It is a masterpiece in every sense. Perhaps if the reviewers would take a few minutes to read the poems, and understand the concept, they could give a worthwhile review. I dont believe you can write an honest review while being ignorant of what you are writing about. This movie took my breath away...better than the stage production.
If you liked the Broadway production you'll like this version.The screenplay actually makes a lot more sense than the Weber production.Some of the singing is quite good but some a disappointment. Dancing is quite good and the CGI with ears and tails adds to the catness.If you hated the original, well, haters are going to hate as Ms. Swift would say.
A confusing ballet, the tap dance scene was impressive.
Even going in knowing it was going to be interesting and more of a play than a movie it was still surprisingly weird
I am never owning a cat ever again
This needs to die. Its existence is an affront against god.
If you like Cats the musical on Broadway, you will like the movie. The movie actually makes more sense since they added a little more plot. The choreography, by Hamilton choreographer Andy Blankenbuehler, is really good. I have always loathed the stage play costumes. These are an improvement but I really think the musical would be best served with a Fantasia treatment. Judi Dench, Jennifer Hudson, Robbie Fairchild, and Ian McKellen are phenomenal.
I'd rather watch my wife's cat take a dump in the litterbox. It's a lot shorter version of this movie
While there were some small parts I liked (mostly with the more seasoned actors, Francesca Hayward's dancing and Jennifer Hudson's singing), overall the movie was like an acid trip without the acid. The cat-human hybrids were bizarre-too human to be cats but too cat to be humans-especially when they started hissing, licking themselves, laping up milk, crawling, and eating out of the trash. Even more odd was that some wore clothes and some were just naked. The scale of the big furniture kept changing. This mostly talented cast deserved better; you can tell they worked really hard. It would've been better animated with their voices, or with them as a theatre cast. The strength of Cats has always been in its music, not its barely there plot. Lack of plot isn't too difficult to overlook in a theatre when there's a talented cast and good singing and dancing. Unfortunately that is not the case for a movie.
Perfect adaptation of the musical. If you are a fan of the stage shown you will love this more story driven take on it.
This was not that good! Very weird and kind of boring!
It didnt flow. The newcomer had the same expression through the whole movie and poor Judy Dench was super slow, almost like she forgot her lines. Definitely not a kids movie.
So much fun! Dont listen the critics and judge for yourself. Jennifer Hudson - wow!!!!!
Come on..I know it's "cool" to trash this movie, but in a sea of remakes and reboots and endless sequels, I'm happy to see something this bizarre and risk taking in 2019.
Horrible. I love every actor in this movie but this was not a good film at all.
I was pretty Disappointed
Cats the Movie: The Acid Trip of Alice in Wonderland Meets Andrew Lloyd Weber Never having been one to review a movie, I felt this movie warranted at least some form of review. I am an avid lover of Cats the Musical and most of Andrew Lloyd Weber's work. This was the movie I had most anticipated all year and I am sad to say that it disappointed all of my expectations. From the singing to the character portrayals, I felt as though this was a horrible representation of the wonderful musical that is Cats. I find that in order to thoroughly describe my disappointment with the movie, I need to go through the different aspects of the movie. In all fairness and honesty, I have not seen the full musical myself as I have grown up on the movie version that was made in 1998 and will be using this and my own research as a reference for this review. We already knew about the CGI going into the movie but seeing it for nearly 2 hours had me feeling like I was high. There was just something very wrong at times when looking at the CGI effects. The full body suits used on the Broadway stage felt more natural than what I saw in the movie and I almost wish they went through that approach instead. It took me a good 2/3 of the movie before I could get past the CGI and just relax into it. Aside from that, the entire setting of this movie took me off guard right off the bat. This movie is almost set in an alternate universe where cats hold a significant position in society. We see numerous almost overwhelming cat references in the overture alone. I know this is Cats the movie, but I do not need the setting to be telling me what movie I am watching every second with an entire Egyptian Cat building and milk bar. Aside from that, the entire setting is very dark and muted tones through most of the movie. Cats the musical is supposed to be very vibrant and exciting to engage the audience. Dance scenes where the more psychedelic and energized lighting would have been expected were dark and very poorly lit. The main draw of Cats has always been the amazing music and dance scenes. People who may not understand the main plot of Cats at first usually give it a pass because they enjoyed the overall experience. The director lost a majority of the fan base and newer audience in failing to capture these major parts of the musical. This was one of the major issues for me when watching this movie. Certain musical numbers were sung well but poorly executed in acting and choreography, like the Song for the Jellicle Cats at the beginning. Instead of feeling intrigued, the acting left you feeling disturbed and everything felt disorganized until later into the song. Lyrics and styles of songs were changed completely for seemingly no purpose in the movie. The worst offender was the song Macavity. If any song took this towards Alice in Wonderland Acid Trip, then it would be this one. I understand that the director was trying to take a newer approach to the movie, but this did not work in their favor. They took a source material that already took most people multiple views to understand and changed it without helping viewers in understanding the plot. Speaking of Macavity, this brings me into my biggest issue of the movie, and this is the characters and their portrayals. There is so much wrong here I didn't even know where to begin so lets start with Macavity shall we? The movie takes away any mystery and intrigue surrounding Macavity by introducing him early on and having him reappear often. The musical created an air of mystery around him throughout the acts by never showing his face and making him referenced like the big bad that all were afraid of. The movie made him seem like a spoiled little cat who would do anything to get his way and threw a tantrum when it didn't work out. They took away one of the largest character growth points in the musical for the other characters by removing their confrontation with Macavity where they showed they were no longer afraid of the big bad as long as it meant defending one another. I could get into Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer, but I don't want more of a headache from this movie. I felt Rum Tum Tugger lost a lot of sex appeal as he was less bad boy and more just boy but I believe that was more the director's choice as it lead to a wonderful joke by Rebel Wilson. I do need to bring up the misrepresentation of Bombalurina and Demeter though. These have always, and continue to be, my favorite characters in the entire musical. Bombalurina played by Taylor Swift was completely mistreated. I have nothing against Taylor Swift and I think she would have done a lot better if they kept Bombalurina as she was supposed to be. Bombalurina and Demeter were always major characters and present straight through the entire musical. Both are good and protective cats who care for the others in the clan. Demeter is a very smart and intuitive cat who was the first to be apprehensive about rejecting Grizabella. While Bombalurina seemed to have an infatuation for Macavity, she was still a protective character and very attached to the clan and I was sickened to find her represented as one of the villains. Both had major singing parts in the musical and the movie made them to be more background characters. I could go on more but don't want to go too into this. There are a lot of good things that I found from the movie. I absolutely adored Francesca Hayward as Victoria. Victoria was always more of a minor singer top dancer and I believe they brought her character forward in an appropriate fashion. Love Francesca's dancing and singing ability though. She took my breath away. Ian McKellen and James Corden played perfectly into their characters and I appreciated that they were singing the songs and not having someone else sing for them. It brought more personality forward in the characters. The tap dance that was added into Skimbleshanks the Railway Cat was perfectly fitting and added so much to the song. Admittedly, I did not care for Rebel Wilson as Jennyanydots, I still loved her in the movie. She was absolutely hysterical, and my only critique was the cleaning herself scene in the beginning of her song that had me cringing into my seat. It was a little much for a character that is supposed to be very respectable in the clan. Finally, and most notably, was the emotional performance given by Jennifer Hudson. It was powerful and heartfelt. I couldn't have asked for a better performance of memory in this movie as it felt real, not like she was singing with a microphone to an entire stadium audience.
This was a great retelling of the original story. I think the additional story and background that was added made the plot even more cohesive. If you loved the original musical, I can't see any reason you won't also love this. If you're unfamiliar, then I can see how it would be a very strange experience. All in all, this is exactly what I expected and wanted out of the adaptation.
Holy CATS this movie was a travesty, and I am ashamed to have spent money on it. The music was unintelligible, the CGI was horrific, and just- Yikes.
I would watch it again it was really good its worth more in the stars there is
What a mess. Why not film CATS as it was intended. Totally changed and definitely not for the better. 
If you go into this movie remembering that this is a musical, then you will leave with a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
You need to see this Sexual Nightmare
Based on Jennifer Hudson, Francesca Hayward, and Laurie Davidsons performances alone. 
Couldnt understand the storyline at all since we have never seen the play. Left the movie halfway through to watch a different movie!
Loved it...who ever was responsible for the wires ....needs to be fired though
Better than Rise of Skywalker
It as just okay.Jennifer Hudson was great.
Not the worst movie I've ever seen but it was awful. A poor remake, horrible acting by non-actors who shouldn't have been in the move to begin with. Boring.
Ive seen the stage production several tiles, and this is a very good production. After you get used to the set changes, the play has none, it is a joy to watch. The critics complaining about the CGI are just looking for something to have an issue with. Obviously, most have never seen the stage show, and only dont get it.
Remember that most of the people that saw this movie have no taste and are basically unequipped to deal with anything artistic so I would ignore snyone with a crappy opinion.Mostly headbangers and video gameaholics!!!
Es un asco... una prdida de tiempo y de dinero.
Its so bad walked out and went to see new Star Wars movie
As a lifelong fan of the stage musical, what the ever living f***was that.
It was OK - not the best - don't get the whole idea
The film was simply fantastic. The singing was on point and the choreography was stunning. It was an all star cast that really hit it out of the park. The musical really came to life on the big screen. 10/10 film would watch again.
Music, dancing & costumes/makeup were superb!!!!
Jennifer Hudson performance had me in tears, so emotional. Love it!!!
Totally boring.Hoped that the music would save it but it didn't.We walked out.
Some of the songs weren't sung too bad. But apparently Rumpleteazer forgot her accent half the time. Basically, this was torture.
It's not the worst movie I have ever seen (it's one of them), but it is by far the worst movie theater experience I have ever had. The audio was horrible, the lack of story was polarizing, the cgi was embarrassing, the stunt work looked like it was done by accountants and the musical numbers hurt my ears. My god have mercy on our souls.
As someone who's seen the broadway show and is familiar with the plot, I found some enjoyment while watching it.However, I can understand how someone who has never seen the show, nor been exposed to the storyline prior to seeing this "movie" would be completely confused, bored, and dare I say horrified.The writers and producers missed the mark trying to translate a theater production onto the big screen.This was lazy, rushed and uninspired film making.
This was pathetic. A complete insult to the actual broadway musical. Im kind of embarrassed for the cast.
Loved it all except Rebel Wilson, Idris Elbas naked fur body and the atrocity that was the Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer song, first of all how dare you ALW, second of all, I liked it and Cats is one of my favorite musicals.
Almost walked out on this movie...not very entertaining!!
Too longStory was dumb
Why would fandango let us but tickets to this
It was a musical. I liked it.
If you have not seen the play and or are not familiar with the story and music don't bother. If you are familiar and love great choreography this was excellent.
After about 30 minutes your brain just accepted yeah thats what cats look like, and then you could kind of enjoy it for the music.
Humorous! Good flick. Not the Broadway Hit but good flick and you cant really compare the musical to silver screen. Hudson and Rebel Wilson were great!
The only impressive part is the make up. The music, the dance & the storyline.... are just so-so. Didn't get much of my attention. The supporting characters are doing majority of the singing.
if you can just get lose yourself in a moment imagination and just pure fun then you will love this movie but the moment you begin to over analyze is the moment the magic of this movie will be lost on you!
If you like the Broadway production youll like this.Otherwise, dont go.The actors are great and singing and dancing is great, but if you want something different youll not get it.
I liked how realistic the makeup was and I also liked the singing . The cast was absolutely amazing.
It was a fantastic well put together movie.
cats is the worst movie of 2019. The CGI makes the actors look my nightmares of when i was child.
Very different concept with a clearer storyline than the play (which I also loved)
I might go home and euthenise my cat.
This movie is completely baffling. And I liked it.
loved the music and characters as expected. I did not see the play so have no means of comparison. I know there have been a lot of negative feedback, but I would still highly recommend it. It may be a little long for children as I thought it dragged at times
Laughable, at best. Whoever brought this drivel to the big screen should be stood up against a wall....ready - aim - fire!
Amazing movie. Ton of fun to watch and just like the musical. CG really was not that bad, surprised me after hearing how bad it was.
I like to think that I am not picky when it comes to musicals. However, I can honestly say that I can't think of one redeemable quality that this movie has. Not even worth the hate-watch because it is so boring. The visuals were disturbing. This movie came out less than a week ago and already it has aged poorly. I am a native English speaker and I couldn't understand half of the dialogue even knowing that half of the words are made up. Basically, if you're thinking of seeing this movie even for the laughs, don't.
Hilariously bad. I have no idea how this got made, and cannot decide if I should be angry or just creeped out.
Compared to the stage show, the movie is petty rough. Not well made. Both singing and dancing need more refinement.
liked it and that's a really high rating since I normally do not like musicals! the story line wasgreat, dancing and songs exceptional. the costumes / makeup was pretty amazing!
Strange in a bad way, had intentional cinematic aspects that could have clicked with a story that was more meaningful and less distasteful. -No Go
Those who didnt like the musical probably wont like the movie... for those of us who enjoyed the musical and whimsy of the story, this is a great adaptation. The costumes/cgi are great, loved the twitching ears and switching tails.Music is well done Rebel Wilson, James Cordon, and Taylor Swift are all great in their parts.The actual story is spelled out more than in the play, and the part of Victoria serves as narration and explanation. Still wouldve preferred a male Deuteronomy, but Judi Dench was sufficiently wise and frail, if not as musical... Cats lovers, go see the movie and enjoy!
What started out as a tight little inventive in-the-round musical at London's Drury Lane, has been blown up into a film extravaganza complete with implied romantic connections and an overblown plot complete with way too many effects. And Judy Dench comes off looking very much like Bert Lahr as the Cowardly Lion. I was not amused.
Abysmal. I had to leave in the middle of the movie. It was difficult to watch.
The cats movie is good fun and exactlylike the stage show with a few parts missing. The critics have been unfair in their review, Going into it with already with their minds made up from seeing the trailer.what the director has done is take the stage show and expanded what little story it had by Telling it though the white cat.It works really well and if anyone who has seen the stage show and liked it ,Will like this .Ignorethe critics people ,go and see it .,Its good harmless fun
Best Comedy of the year. I tried to give it a 0.
Everyone that doesn't like this movie is a coward and I am willing to defend its honor in a competition based around feats of strength.
I did not feel you could kill CATS but they did. It was slow and painful death. I have seen it on stage 3 times and this it took longer than the original onstage even though they cut songs. The director for the music need caffeine it dragged.
I loved it.Saw the musical on the stage in London in the 80's and loved it, too.I suspect the critics have been negative for the following reasons:Matriarchal society (not in the original stage musical where Old Deuteronomy is male). No guns. No car chases. No space shit. And no sex.It's about empathy. The female who is broken and battered wins the big ticket. The males do not dominate and the bad guy is not likeable.It's poetry, song, and dance.Jennifer Hudson turns in a masterful, controlled performance that had me in tears.It's not Disney. I loved it.
Very very disappointedBeen looking forward to watching it for a long time, the trailer made it look awesome, but it was not? If I could I would of had a refund?One of the worst film I have ever seen.
Worst movie I had ever had the displeasure of watching.
Phenomenal! Terrific .. the use of CAG enhances the ability to connect with the characters! There isnt a bad number. Singing and dancing is top notch. Dont expect an exact revival...but fully expect to be 100% entertained. If you enjoyed Into the Woods and the Greatest Showman, you will NOT be disappointed. Dont miss it. 
$100 Million dollar tragic mess
Loved the dancing and the singing. Was beautifully well done. Loved the new song addition as well!!
Omg! This movie will get worst movie of 2019! Boring. Lame. No story line 
Why does this exist?
Excellent music and dancing.Thoroughly enjoyed
The movie was amazing! I've been reading other reviews and over half of the bad reviews are because they don't understand what's going on. Now, I guarantee you that this s is because they haven't seen the musical and don't know the plot. Victoria, who was abandoned by her owner and was thrown it the streets of London, meets some cats that call themselves jelicle cats. People also get upset over the fact that over half of the movie is cats singing a song about themselves. But you have to understand that not only is the movie a book of poems but also a musical, obviously it's gonna be mostly music. The same for Victoria dancing, in the musical, she's the dancing cat who is always on stage dancing.
Come on people!Cats has always been a love it or hate it show.All you haters should have just stayed home and not written any reviews.I went with a friend and we both thoroughly enjoyed the movie.I was not offended by any special effects, nor was I offended by any of the scenes.I think Judi Dench was the most perfect cat ever.She should walk around like that all day every day.Several people in my audience brought very young children with them which was a huge distraction because it's not a children's movie and they could not sit still or stop asking questions.Annoying.But I thought it was fun and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Loved every moment! Frescesca as Victoria was beautiful- Ian as Gus was delightful - Jennifer Hudson made me weep during Memory ... purrrr-felt!
oof... what a train wreck of a "movie".
FIrst half a little boring with no clear storyline.Loved the 2nd half.Jennifer Hudson was amazing!And, of course, Jude Dench.
i loved the singing and dancing
I think this movie would be okay if I was dropping acid. But sober, it was miserable.
Was so excited to see this until reading others reviews on here, went to see it today and honestly dont know why everyone is giving it such bad reviews. I admit some of the singing could have been better but overall I think they did a pretty great job. The story definitely made sense which I noticed a few people complaining about. I think it definitely makes more sense than the original musical. I would say to those who haven't seen the original musical to watch that first then at least you will know what to expect and avoid being disappointed :)
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The storyline did not really make sense, the plot was confusing. The songs were mostly forgettable.
Great if you know what your getting into. Cats is an opera so the story is a bit abstract, but when it gets too abstract it pulls away to explain what goes on. The actors in this movie gave 100%. As for the graphics, they were ok. 3 frames in the movie had obvious skips, but I'm willing to look past 3 frames. Pretty good movie all in all.
The first 3/4 of the movie I wanted to shoot myself. Not done well at all. Complete waste of time and money.
wonderful, singing and dancing was great. just enough plot to tie the numbers together without adding unnecessary dialogue. 
looks like there is something in the catbox.....yep its the review of this movie - a turd in the shape of 18%....cat ladies around the world agree...skipping this one
Genuinely phenomenal!! 
Little hard to follow the plot in the beginning but by the end of the show you can pretty much figure it out.
It was all signing and just very boring to watch. From the beginning it was very confusing and I just dont recommend this movie what so ever, this is probably the worst movie Ive ever seen
This is a good time for a reminder that ratings are not always reflective of personal enjoyment level.Having never seen the stage play of Cats I had no idea what to expect, aside from the trailer, and was not disappointed in the least.I can't wait for the inevitable "behind the movie" doc or podcast that will answer all the why and how questions I have after watching this.It took all the self control in the world for me to not pull my phone out and look up jellicle (or gelickle as I originally entered it into search bar).*2019 Theater #68
It was extremely disturbing to watch and I happen to love the musical Cats.
I thought Cats the movie was brilliant, as did my teenage daughter. I think the negative reviews/reactions are for three reasons:1). People go to a movie expecting a story, and Cats notoriously doesn't have much of one. As my daughter said afterwards, "it's more like watching a dance concert." If you go to it expecting to watch a singing/dancing concert, then it's great, because the dancing is GREAT, as were the vocals. Very well cast. For those who have seen Cats on the stage before, the movie did a better job of the story than the play, and helped it make a bit more sense. The drama with Grizabella is more intense and beautiful.2. The "uncanny valley" reaction to seeing humans that aren't really human because they've been CGI'd. I get it. But I don't know ... that's just Cats. I thought the CGI was better than actors in leotards with furry faces, which always seemed really fake. So I thought this was better, and the acting was great, I felt, in how the actors tried to imitate cattish behavior, sometimes in ways that were really funny and cute.3. The trailers shocked people who didn't know what to expect, and then it became a meme to pile on the movie as ridiculous. I think that's scared many people away.So anyway, I think that's the reason the movie is bombing, but if you like singing and dancing, and can realize the characters are supposed to be cattish, on purpose, then you might enjoy the film. Jennifer Hudson killed it as Grizabella, just really killed it! And Francesca Hayward as the new Victoria character was awesome--beautiful voice, and beautiful dancing. Choreography was fresh and great (done by the person who did Hamilton I believe). There's a new song too, written by Taylor Swift but sung by Hayward, that is haunting and beautiful. And for parents worried that the movie may be too sexual ... not at all. In fact, the stage version is more sexual as the Growltiger bit is cut from the movie. The characters aren't sensual IMO as much as cattish, and that's how kids would see it.Anyway, Cats was the first play I saw on a major stage, and so it brings good memories for me. I thought the movie was a superb rendition ... much better than the 1998 stage recording that I never saw a second time because I hated it. YMMV.
My kids got super bored. It was too slow at the beginning, I expected to be more vibrant.
Walked out after an hour.Many characters were given dark, nasty personalities or in the case of Jenny Anydots vapid, sleazy, repugnant and unlikable.Most of the cast cannot sing, with a couple notable exceptions.(Hello, its a MUSICAL.What were casting directors thinking?!).The pacing is off, the furry cat costumes make everyone look like theyre wearing fleecy pajamas, and the book is uninspired in the transitional scenes between musical (I use the term lightly) numbers.Save your money, thus is awful.
Too manic for the first 25-30 minutes.
confusing and absurd and a little bit horrifying and i loved absolutely everything about it. i wish they extended it to the 2.5 hour mark just so they could introduce even more cats
una pelcula visualmente genial, con una historia conmovedora y unas canciones magnificas, su visionado es sencillamente OBLIGATORIO.
I would rather pepper spray my eyes before seen this.
If I could give this movie minus stars I would! I. Hadnt read the reviews (big mistake) I would not have wasted my money. My 12 year old granddaughter and I walked out after about 30 minutes. Just terrible.
Time I can never get back. Catastrophe!
What the absolute fuck was that.
If you love music & dancing you will enjoy this movie.Jennifer Hudson singing "Memories" should be enough to encourage you to go see this lovely movie.
Cats? More like best film adaptation of a broadway musical. It should be the longest running movie in cinemas globally. Would frick.
all the cats look horny, it just kinda disturbingit actually more disgustingthen horror movie
This might be a movie liked only by those who remember the stage show. I enjoyed the movie and the energy I felt from the performances. I also didn't experience any 'uncanny valley' effects; as a matter of fact, the CGI cat bodies were more realistic than costumes and makeup. I can now even regard Taylor Swift in a more serious light and Jennifer Hudson too.
Hard to follow for the kids and adults.
I didn't expect to come out of Cats (2019) a changed woman. I went into the theatre because I wanted to see this movie to join in on the relentless clowning that's going on I left the theatre knowing I will never think of anything else ever again. How am I supposed to watch movies that AREN'T Cats (2019)? You need to have the right mindset to see Cats: if you want to see a bad movie, you will see a bad movie. But, if you want to see a cinematic masterpiece/ experience what I could only imagine the world's best LSD trip would feel like, go into the theatre with an open mind. I never wanted this movie to end. I had such a good time. Please, please see Cats (2019).
Great show and cast and the singing is phenomenal. The special effects on s dreadful though. Looked like they ran out of budget!
Wentsee it today Really enjoyed it Well do to all involved I don't listen to critics !
The dancing was amazing - everything from classic ballet to tap! And the voices - I really don't like the song Memories but it was amazing in this production.The use of CG to create the "fur" was also amazing.The story line is not complicated but delightfully presented.Victoria was a real treat.
ROFL what did I just watch? Oh yeah, I hate James Corden.
Rather watch at home.
Spectacular movie!!!
I went into this movie with very low expectations and believed this would be a cringefest and bad movie overall. I was 100% right. The cats in this movie are so creepy that I feel like a child would have nightmares after watching this movie. The singing was ok but I was bored every second watching and just wanted to go home. I was not surprised by the critic and audience reactions to the film and predicted it would not be higher than 20%. If you are a parent for is going to watch this movie with your child DON'T. It is a waste of time and money and one of the worst movies I have seen this year.
Ya know...after the internet completely roasted the trailer and critics absolutely skewered the final film in their reviews I thought I understood just how strange and bad this film would be. I was wrong. It must be seen to be believed. How did this happen? How did Tom Hooper convince anyone that this was something he could pull off? I just absolutely do not understand. 10 years from now I want the entire cast and crew to feel safe enough to spill their guts to a documentarian and dish on every single bizarre choice that went into this disaster. There is a laundry list of things that I could list here that are just batshit crazy in this movie but I honestly don't even know where to begin. All I know is that if Tom Hooper is ever allowed to direct another movie he learns to finally move the fucking camera now and then.
This show is pure BRILLIANCE!It is the cheapest seat ever to the Royal Ballet in Londonor a Broadway ticket or the WEST END!!!!! How can the Critics Not understand that they have slung mud at Dame Judi Dench,Ian McKellan, Francesca Hayward The Principal Dancer of the London Royal Ballet!!!!Academy Award Winner jennifer Hudson!!!!Sir Andrew lloyd Weber! I cant understand!!!! The ridiculous hubub over the visual CGI of their cat like appearance shows the critics lack of imagination and prejudice against art that personifies.Tom Hooper is so creative in his adaptation and direction,that it is mind blowing!But, if you can IMAGINE and understand the need to be accepted in a tribe, the feeling of receiving a sacred name from the heaviside Layer in the Heavenly moonlight in the gyptianTheater ( the ancient temple) and the beauty of trying to explain why you should be chosen to start over as a new soul reborn,then you will love this adaptation. If you can have the empathy to thimk that every creature is connected in some way and that Cats can have lives we as humans could be able to understand, then You WILL LOVE CATS!!!!! Jennifer Hudsons not only singing but living the song of her forgotten used soul is breathtaking. The innovative imterpretation of Mr Mistopholes discovering the magic in himself is a clear sign of the genious in this version of the beloved Broadway play. The Brilliance of Dame Judi Dench as a New Female Feline Deuteronomy, and the past they create with subtext between her character and Asparagus the Old Actor Cat of Ian McKellan is storytelling at its finest. Asparagus ability to summon in his old Age the Fire Froar Fiddle to actually Triumph over Evil is brilliant!The cleverness of McCavity trying to Steal a new life and Rebel Wilsons double Life of Jenny Anydots are additional reasons why anyone eho loved the Broadway show would want to see this version! James Cordons Bustofer Jones is Comedic Genius! If you love London at night and in the early Dawn,If you have jogged through Trafalgar Square as the pink light of dawn has illuminated the Lions,If you have ever had a smidgeon of dancing spirit, if you have ever tried to understand a cat, or soul that needs love on its terms like an autistic boy or a bullied child,then come and wtness the magic of CATS!The Choreographyis breathtaking !Skimbleshanks train is musical theaier magic!The Cinematography is beautiful! The Perspective is thrilling! Dame Judi Denchs addressing a cat is a Master Class on acting!The Grinch was animated as a human and audiences and critics werentbothered. We have seen animated speaking creatures that were personified in Guardians of the Galaxy,Chronicles of Narnia,Harry Potter, and a million Movies. I dont understand why this is bothering critics and audiences. It makes me feel like the critice never saw the Broadway play!!!!!! Cats has always been triple threats made up to be Cats with Human qualities.To Understand this critics need a lttle imagination,which clearly none of the critics for themajor newspapers have. Plot! This is a Dancers show! They dont complain about the Plot of the Nutcracker! (Although I do remember a critic complaining after the movie The Nativity that the plot was predictable) Ridiculous!!!!!!! The Plot in Cats the movie is clearer than the Broadway Play. Victoria an abondoned Cat is being taught the ways of the Jellicle (magical,spiritual,philosophical ) cats. She is introduced to the family good and bad and seeks acceptance. Each year a special Holiday for these Cats (like Christmas and Easter in one) called a Jellicle Ball takes Place. At the Jellicle Ball one cat is chosen by the Ancient cat Leader to go to a New jellicle Life. The Cats present their case to this Old cat one by one as to why they deserve a second chance. One of these Cats trying for acceptance and a new Lifwe i s Grizabella (Masterfully portrayed by Jennifer Hudson) Grizabella was a glamour cat who was used and abused by the villain of the show McCAvity (An evil massaginistic character who selfishly wants to steal and manipulate getting the chance at a new jellicle life. The Cats have shunned and bullied this old glamour cat for bring the victimof this hideous villian, rather than understanding her pain as someone who has endured harrasement., Victoria(the new cat)sees her pain, and helps her see that although she has had horrible treatment ,her life has also had beautiful memories and magical places. Victoria brings risabella into the view of the Old Cat and the tribe for her to be considered. McCavity tries to cheat and steal his way again and again but is defeated. It is beautifully rendered and creatively told ! The entire journey of this movie ironically is the journey of a CAT. misunderstood and nisjudged bexause the world wants it to be a dog!(Pleaseing and waggin to whatever the puvlic wants rather than respecting it for its uniqueness. In a woeld where everyone talks about accepting individuals for their uniqueness or the way they identify themselves, it is ironic thatthe critics and public want to look away from empathizing with characters that are allowing you to see into their secret sacred world. It takes empathy. it takes imagination, it takes an appreciation for the arts. It takes creativity.
Hot take: I thought it was totally Jellicle
Burn it with fire. Every freaking copy, burn it all.
The special effects were horrible. You could tell the computer vs green screen. It couldve been a 60 min movie. The ending was choppy, and didn't flow with the rest of the movie.
Took a 9 year old granddaughter and her best mate to see this. I was well aware of the critical panning it's been given. Verdict from the girls Awesome' and 10/10 from both. I gave it 8/10. We liked the dancing, the singing and the scene settings. The characters were well drawn and very well acted, we believed in them. I was drawn in as the film progressed. Crits got it wrong is our verdict
Didnt expect it to be all singing through the whole movie, but it was good.
Better than reviews give it credit for
A must see!The music, singing and dancing was amazing. A heartfelt reminder of the musical on Broadway seen 30 years ago. Some familiar songs and characters but with a new plot and many wonderful new characters, as well.
Music , dancing, costumes, Acting, It was all just GREAT
The people that made this should be ashamed of themselves
The kids LOVED it and the costumes were fantastic !!
Zzzzzzz.....so disappointing :(
THEY ONLY GOT RID OF THE FAT CATS. THEYRE TARGETTING
It's so bad, it's great. The storyline is incredibly hard to follow, you have literally no idea what's happening, but the dancing makes you not be able to look away. I love Taylor Swift, but literally anyone else would've been better for Bombalurina. Someone with sex appeal and an alto/jazz range. I don't know, maybe Jennifer Hudson. *shrug* Rebel Wilson and James Cordon are the saving graces of this film. Their humor is always on point.
I really liked the music and then expected funny parts. I only gave it 4 stars because it seemed to be really long.
Even the trailer was better than this movie sadly
BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD
Cats, the movie, is just plain fun.Having seen the trailer, the CGI fur didn't bother me., but in some scenes the actors did seem to appear oddly naked.Idris Elba for instance, whose own musculature did not appear catlike.Additionally, the cats clearly had fingers instead of paws. But if you get past the CGI fur, I liked the movie.James Corden is a delight as Bustopher Jones, and every moment he was on the screen I was smiling.Jennifer Hudson does justice to "Memory."It's really the only song that can stand alone without the show.But Ian McKellan is quite believeable as Gus.Rebel Wilson is fun to watch as Jennyandots.Judi Dench is perfect for Old Deuteronomy.The movie is an excellent way to introduce a new generation to a timeless story.
It would have been great as a play. My husband fell asleep.
Please know where Cats came from and have a decent appreciation of musical theater before seeing this film. Yes, the CGI is creepy. Yes, the Rebel Wilson scene is horribly misguided. But it's Cats! Enjoy it for what it is! There are some wonderful choices such as building more story around Mr. Mistoffelees; in fact, the movie makes a lot more sense than the play. I may not agree with all of the acting choices or direction but overall it is highly entertaining (and not for the wrong reasons) and worth seeing.
It's really a lot better than many of the reviews are saying.I feel that many of the reviewers just didn't 'get it' it drawing out a story that could only be hinted at in the original play.If you liked the original play, and could read the pantomimed story points in the live action versions, then this will feel familiar and more in depth.
Not the Star Wars sequel we deserved, but the Star Wars sequel we need right now, Cats was an absolute laugh nearly the whole way through. With the exceptions of film's intended humor and the brief moments of genuine emotion and pathos from Veronica and Grizabella, my friend and I were choking back laughter at the surreal comedy. From Idris Elba shouting "Meow!" and "Macavity!" when he teleports away to Ian McKellan singing a song that made us wonder if this movie is to him what Birdman is to Michael Keaton, the absurdity of this film is truly something to be experienced by all. The facial expressions from the actors taking their roles so seriously and the culture behavior of these cats are so very entertaining. Best comedy of the year. So proud to have lived to witness this triumph of human imagination. Thank you, Hollywood. Thank you.
It might be weird if you dont know what to expect or if you havent seen Cats the Musical before but if you have then its excellent! Great for kids too! Im not sure why so many reviews say its sexual because it isnt at all. Theyre just acting like cats... the dancing is amazing! The real talent isnt the celebrities but no-name ballerinas, tap dancers, and musical theater stars. 
If you liked the stage production you will like the movie. While not perfect, the music and dancing are great.
The music and dancing was great (as it always has been) but the CGI let it down. I don't think the technology is advanced enough - when the characters were dancing, their feet weren't touching the green screen pavement and the human faces of the cat didn't really connect to the CGI body (slightly odd). Honestly, this film has only been saved by the cast line-up.
I loved it! It's beautiful.
It was a dazzling, toe-tapping, and magical show! Im baffled by the critics reception of the film - its as fun and frivolous as the original Broadway show.
This movie was to my eyes what sugar free gummy bears are to people's stomachs.
This movie is a great experience to share with friends and family. It expands the Broadway production and makes it more real to the viewer. On Broadway it is preformed to many people but in the film just to one( the camera) and it is better for itas you get a closer look at Andrew Lloyd Webbers musical.
Great entertainment.Wonderful dancing and singing and cast.
Cats is a visual mess from theawful costumes to the Halloween make-up, it terrifies every audience with its nonsense and kills the onlygood thing in the movie thesong "Memories!"Rebel Wilson looks like a blimp, Hudson is horrible in that negro Male-up and Dench looks like a fat lion directly from OZ ~ Grade triple F - F-F-Just a horrible concept! F forFailure and to Forget! ~Ed~~ sho buz ~~~
I wasnt expecting it to be as good as the stage show butthe first half of the movie left me looking at my watch hoping it was over soon. The send half improved and the final 10 mins was supurb. My main let down was the sound. It was coming out the too left and right of screen it needed to be bottom centre to immerse you in it.
Terrible, avoid like the plague. Off putting CGI.
I really didnt enjoy the musical, so I dont know why I would enjoy the movie. This movie was basically body horror. We all clapped when it was over because that was the best part of the film.
Thoroughly entertainingsometimes you laugh with it, sometimes at it. Weird movie, but I'd see it again.
Ignore the critics! Loved it!
Loved the dancing and singing!
The music was the best part of the movie. Low budget version of a great play.
I loved the visual effects and actors. My ten year old granddaughter loved it.
It was terrible, and yet I somehow enjoyed watching it for the weirdness. I kept finding myself studying all the strange bodies and wondering how and why they were doing this. Oh, and a couple of the songs were great, but I imagine that they are much better on the soundtrack than they are when you're watching the cat people singing then.
Going into the movie, I knew that Cat had dismal rating as it was proclaimed to be an "American atrocity." I had low expectations, but I believe that better prepared me to be more open to Tom Hooper's adaptation on the classic musical. As the longest running show on Broadway, Cats is notorious for its strange playful cast of actors masquerading as cats, meowing musical time pieces like Jennifer Hudson's "Memory." This movie garnered poor reviews ultimately for two reasons. First of all, the digital fur technology is repulsive. Especially watching it in the trailers the first time, I cringed at furries singing on the big screen. Secondly, the movie is solemn and morose. Besides the occasional comedic relief provided by Rebel Wilson and James Corden, the movie lacked a playful nature that Lloyd Webber had in his original classic. Knowing most of this before watching the movie, I changed my frame of mindset and expected nothing more. In the end, I was thoroughly entertained by Hooper's Cats. The production was radical and foreign, but that's why it was entertaining. It was different from the other movies. Most people naturally gravitate what's familiar, but Cats push you out of your comfort zone and challenge you to be open to a new form of movies.
A couple of great tunes. Story/plot shouldn't have had time wasted on it. Would have been better as shorter song/dance review.
this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, I was crying of laughter due to how poorly it was made. Completely unlike the actual play, and gives a horrible portrayal of the play. Do not waste your money like I did unfortunately. I did not know it was possible for a movie this bad to exist.
The costumes were amazing but the singing got monotonous after a while as the same songs were used over and over.I loved the real-life musical, but the movie fell short
As a fan of the stage play, this was horrible. The effects were jarring, the performances hollow, and the new song they created just to qualify for an Oscar was awful. Don't see this dumpster fire.Half a star because it won't let me select "none".
VERY GOOD MUSICAL. ENJOY IT.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. They destroyed the legacy of the play.
Boring!We were so glad when it was over!The bit with Taylor Swift was awful Jennifer Hudson sang Memories beautifully the cockroaches were disgustingthe tap dancer dressed in red (?) was good, but why was he there the ballet dancer (Victoria) was very sweet & endearing.Movie doesn't compare to the stage productions. Yuck-what a waste.
The sets & the music were amazing. I saw the play on Broadway, late 1980's & it was unforgettable because they crawled over the audience shoulders! This may not have left as much of an impact on me because of seeing it back then, but it was very entertaining & they could do so much more with it cause it was confined to a stage. I'd see it again for the sets & the performances. Jennifer Hudson was beautiful as a Cat, & her singing made me cry! 
Horrible movie.One of the worst movies I have ever seen.It did not make sense.it was as if the producers put a lot of A-list celebrities in a movie and then had to decide what to do with them.
When you have a late night talk show host (who would give his left nut to be in any movie) as one of your main leads in the film, you know this movie is doomed to fail. But I'm sure all the furries out there are happily giving this movie 5 stars.
belongs buried in the kitty litter
After watching this monstrosity, I would like my 2 hours spent in the cinema back.
This is by far the absolute worst film of the year, decade, and possibly even century. Its so horrible. Id rather lick a used litter box everyday for the rest of my life than watch this film again. You couldnt pay me enough to watch this absolutely atrocious and some might say hairball of a movie. Some of the fault definitely goes to the tech workers for creating these cats like furry demon babies made only to haunt your dreams. I hope that you never have to go through the experience of Cats, because it should be named as an illegal form of torture.
Had to see it with such a star studded cast! Somewhat underwhelmed yet still glad that my granddaughter and I shared the experience.
It was not my cup of tea, but the visuals were great.
Waste of time and money
Boring, wait for the DVD if you really want to see it.
Absolutely loved it! I think if you haven't seen the live production then you might not enjoy it though. I really don't understand all the harsh reviews! I thought it was very well done and Taylor Swift did a great job. All the actors did a great job! The only problem I had was not singing out loud. When it becomes available for purchase I will own it so I can watch Cats whenever I'd like.
It was great cinema and critics basically are laughable.
Slow first 30 minutes.Lead actress is a fabulous ballerina but not much of a singer...and this is a MUSICAL!Neither is Rebel Wilson.Not enough Taylor Swift.Jennifer Hudson was over the top melancholy which detracted from her incredible voice.James Corden was terrific as Bustopher Jones.Costuming and setdesign are Oscar favorites.
Dont waste your money on this Movie
I dont like the musical Cats in general, but I am a fan of its songs. The singing was okay overall until they introduced Rebel Wilson as the Gumbie cat. Her horrible attempt to sing was preposterous and her acting was far from comedic and much more appalling to watch her destroy my favorite song aside from Memory. Then there was the look of the cats. I could not unsee the human hands, some clearly with nail polish, and bare human feet. Most of the cats were bare and then you see random cats in clothes parading around, and you think, good God clothe them all, at least it looks slightly better. They look like fuzzy morph suits. Any nice aspect of the movie I attempted to find was overshadowed by foolishness and disturbing movements. It was awkward and creepy. I felt like I was five again sleeping in my grandmas bed having nightmares about the creepy video game my cousin was playing that had bad cgi. This movie, ultimately, was a huge failure and disappointment.
This was an amazing movie! The songs and scenes were beautifully done. Obviously, it isn't the musical. Movies and musicals require two different sets of imaginations. Woohoo, Cats!
I liked the dancing!!
Loved costumes, music & dancing
Profound beauty and talent seen in this movie. But it seemed to be drawn out in length.
Parts were fabulous,although in the beginning it was very hard to understand the words.
One of the worst movies we have ever seen. Half way through the movie my wife wanted leave but we stayed since I hadn't finished by Milk Duds. The movie is a complete Dud !
If you don't like musicals don't go! Costumes and scenery fabulous!Dancing great!Singing good...Jennifer Hudson nailed it in about 2 minutes..........
Never saw broadway show, but this was a great experience for less!
I loved it!I'll admit I was yawning during the first hslf of the movie but in tears when Jennifer Hudson sang
I can not forgive the lack 3D projectile hairballs and scratch n' sniff scratch cards (# 2 was supposed to be 4 day old cat box scented).How do I turn off this feline punctuationfunction?
I was very disappointed. You could tell part that were done in front of a green screen. Just very disappointed. We left before the movie finished.
So many actors I admire and respect and interested to hear some of them sing.I guess I should have just waited for the soundtrack. {shutter}
Lo Ed the singing and dancing but the story is a bit hard to follow.
Thought Idris Elba was more involved in the movie.
Only redeeming quality is the music.
Not at all why I expected. Previews were better then the movie itself.
True masterpiece. The complete plot got a new impetus with the change of some roles. meaning that Macavity is now a bad guy strugling by any means to get to the Heaviside layer, furthermore the expanded character of Victoria filled some gaps which were present in the plot of the theatric version. Fabulous singing, great new song and finally Judy Dench at her best, probably her lifetime achievement , I do not understand the complete hullaballoo about the computer generated animation and everything else. Generally, everything that happened in the press is a definitive proof that the film and all other critics are heavily corrupted idiots which simply do not know what are they talking about
Terrible movie, the cast is full of over paid, self righteous celebs.
Actors performances were excellent. Photography and dance were excellent.
Understood the movie better than the actual play.Loved both.
Slow start but ended with a bang
Loved it, Victoria's solo was more a duet which annoyed me, but if you know anything about dance or musicals or the original you'll love it. It's artistic and I appreciated that!!
The stage play is an amazing show and I would see it again. This movie adaptation is a disaster.
Critics are too harsh. This was fun, easy paced. A movie that the whole family could enjoy. 
Beautiful surrealist adventure. I was surprised that I enjoyed it at all. I dont like musicals and id never seen cats before. This was fun to watch.
Not entertaining. We left before the movie ended.
Any one who saw the play will appreciate this movie more, loved, loved the dancing. I saw the play on Broadway and this was excellent........
I simply loved it!!!!
Don't listen to the hairball reviews.Go hear Grizabella sing, Macavity move, the Railway Cat tap, and Bustopher Jones & Jennyanydots will crack you up!
Still stupid.I saw it years ago on Broadway.I didn't get it then and I don't get it now.2 hours I'll never get back.
Excellent dancing and singing. Since Ive seen the broadway 2x, it was odd that there was some change in story line, but totally get they needed to take some liberties to make it flow on screen. Overall, I enjoyed it.
Ok but the play was better
Those who found Cats dull, revolting or wasteful had very much appreciated The Irishman or The Favourite and all sorts of horror movies, politically motivated movies sexually obsessive or perverted films.It takes all sorts to keep the world going. I am glad that I am not one of them.I highly recommend to either open your mind or leave your stagnant mind at home if the case. Then you will enjoy every second of this extremely captivating, colourful, witty playful collaborationof so many talented people. Don't go if musicals, Broadway shows or simple stories, delivered through poetry, singing and dancing by complex characters, are not your piece of cake.Cats is my the best Christmaspresent, a carnival of great choreography,powerful beautiful voices, mischievous camera play, inventive make-up/costume effects and, of course, great music.For all of that I am deeply gratefulto everybody who created this joyful production.
looks like more fake reviews 
Honestly, I thought it was a campy, Queer, kinda kinky, trippy, ballsy, batsh*t insane masterpiece of trash cinema. I really dont care what other people say. Its so earnest, so singular, so unapologetic. Jennifer Hudsons performance of Memories is so powerful it carries the entire, the dancing and movements really are impressive, the sets are all so strange and memorable - I think every frame is burned into my memory. Ive been listening to the score all weekend - some of these songs kinda slap. And, to be honest, I saw Rise of Skywalker and it made me unironically like Cats. Both movies are about as coherent but at least Cats had the balls to just be what it is and respect my intelligence about it. 
Two questions I ask myself: why didn't I stay at home? and why did they make this movie?It is painful. The CGI is weird and awful sometimes. Some actors are just being themselves, not really acting (at least we have Sir Ian and Dame Judi).
Unbelievable acting, dancing and singing. So true to the original musical. A must see!!!
If you love cats sure but even then I think its too overwhelming. I know its a musical but theres no story line, plot or climax.....just dull throughout
A very artistic movie, the music, cinematography, singing, and acting is amazing and top notch. People just can't get past the "human cats" which look 100xs better than the broadway versions. I can GUARANTEE if they weren't cats this would become a worldwide phenomenon.........in a good way. But for now, this will become a cult classic, and one of mine.
I loved loved loved it.I don't think it couId have been any truer to the musical itself - sans for a few different character interpretations. I'm going way against the grain here.The internet has been destroying this movie with negative reviews, about the acting, singing, special Fx, but I watched it last night and I thought it was awesome. A fun movie that completely embodies the essence of the stage production in a really fun way.It's basically exactly the stage production with cat like special effects and some dialog that advances the story line a little more than the actual play.Will you like this film if you've never seen the broadway play?No. Probably not.You probably won't "get it".You'll be weirded out and bored.Confused there's no real plot.The music is weird and obscure but that's kind of what's genius about it.If you don't know the music, you'll think it's just a bunch of dumb songs where every cat comes out and explains what kind of cat they are, acting "cat-like".News flash though, that's exactly what and all the musical is. A bunch of cats coming on stage signing about what kind of cat they are with scarcely a plot. You either get it or you don't.You like the music or not.With what they had to work with they did excellent.Don't overthink it. If you've never seen the musical - be prepared to be confused or bored. But again if you love the musical, it's a great and fun rendition of the stage play.The dancing is unbelievableHonestly except for some additional dialog I think it's exactly what the stage performance was going for.
I'm just coming right on here and giving this movie five damn stars because I went into the theater expecting to see this flaming, flying-tire fire that everybody has been talking about and I am sorry, but all I saw was a mostly straight-forward adaptation of the stage play done as an over-the-top, gaudy, 1930's movie musical and I quite enjoyed it. If you are unfamiliar with 'Cats' than this is not how you should be introduced to the show. If you hate 'Cats' this movie will only further cement that opinion. If you enjoy 'Cats' and you go into this experience just curious to find out what a flashy motion picture version of the show will look like than I think you'll have a not atrocious time. Yes, there is some bonkers shit that didn't need to be there and yes, throughout the entire run-time of the film the CGI cat people never, ever cease to be creepy as fuck, but just let that creepiness wash over you and focus instead on all the soothing neon in the background and you'll be just fine. At least until Judi Dench and her big ol' furry forehead break the fourth wall and talk right at you. That'll just unsettle you all over again.
Listen. From start to finish this movie just doesn't let up. It's a constant bombardment of weird sexual tension and uncanny valley and you think you'll be ready when a new character comes on screen. You won't be. A must see.
The reaction Michael Scott has when Toby comes back to the office is the same way you'll feel about this movie. The only difference, you're feeling continues for 2 hours straight.
This trailer is so bad.
Ive seen the stage play and the movie was just as entertaining. The sets and performances were superb. One was able to get a good feel for the plot line. To see a stage play on film is a feat and this was successful. That there are those who called it animated, had no idea what they were watching! It was not animated.
I'm not entirely sure WHY this movie got terrible ratings!! This great watch was engaging and I can't wait to watch it again! GREAT CAST!! It definitely had the feel of the theatrical version which could be what is tripping up the critics. Either that or they've NEVER watched the Broadway version. WATCH THIS FLICK!! IT'S GREAT!
Not nearly as good as the stage production or the 1st movie.Strayed from the storyline somewhat, but the Railway cat dance number was cute.
What a terrific adaptation of the stage musical. Loved the addition of Victoria, the abandoned cat (and can she dance!!)Her character added much continuity between the other cats' stories. Wonderful dancing, have loved the songs for years. Judi D. and Ian Mc. are perfect, James C. and Rebel hilarious, Idris menacing, Jennifer moving, Taylor appropriately sexy, and so much more. People, don't you know that the "plot" that you seem to be missing is about giving one cat a new life? Nothing more than that. So just enjoy the music and dance. The critics can go jump into a bowl of cream.
Whether you like it or not you have to go and see it's an experience you will never see like it. Plus Taylor Swift killed it.
The lady 2 seats over from me kept farting during the first 20 minutes, and that was the best thing about the experience of watching Cats.
Time and money I will never get back. Quite possibly the worst movie ever, or at least that I've seen. My children wanted to know what they'd done wrong and why was I punishing them. They're not speaking to me and Christmas is ruined! LOL... that was a joke... and seriously so is this movie! J-Hud's singing is always amazing though and you can't go wrong with Idris Elba in a freakishly weird looking CGI catsuit... meow!
As someone who's seen the Broadway version and now the Hollywood version, I'll bravely say that I actually enjoyed it for the most part. What I disliked: Rebel Wilson butchered her part, her singing was cringe worthy. The human feet seemed out of place at times.They completely changed the melody for Mungojerry and Rumpleteazer. I also found Jason Derulos portrayal of Rum Tum Tugger very unmemorable. That being said..What I liked:Victoria or Francesca Hayward, was memorizing in her part.Jennifer Hudson touched my soul with her rendition of memory. The tap dancing added to Skimbleshanks was a fun and creative twist. I'm not a Taylor Swift fan, but she was incredible and totally nailed it. I enjoyed the little extra songs thrown in as well. All in all, not as good as Broadway. But still good in it's own way.
gibberish is here to prove a point
I actually enjoyed this movie. Yes the cgi is not the best but I enjoyed the songs, dancing and story line.
The story is not so much but the singing and dancing was separate!
Costuming. Animation
I saw that the reviews were low before purchasing my tickets. However I didnt expect that the movie would be as bad as it was. It is hit or miss sometimes with reviews. The reviews did warn me that the major issue with the original play and now the film is that there is no real exciting plot. If I hadnt read what the play was about prior to going I would have been totally lost watching the movie. Only thing that would have saved this movie is if they had shot it from the standpoint of filming performers on stage. I was ok with not really getting the songs which were essentially based on poems. I was ok with the lack of real plot or explanation of what was happening. I gave this movie a 1/2 star because I could deal with all of that had they at least shown all of the dancers from a wider shot making me feel like I was watching a broadway performance versus a bunch of close up shots and quick cuts that didnt give me time to appreciate at least the art of it all. I wanted to leave at mid-point but my 7 year old was entertained somewhat by the pretty looking cat people and the singing. Wish Id kept my money.
I don't understand all the bad reviews.I enjoyed the movie and thought it was very well done.Those bad reviews seem to be some sort of mass hysterical pile-on.
Music and dancing excellent! I see some professional reviews nitpicking this film!! Who cares if you can see human hands and sneakers!! This is a fantasy!! Loved it better than the stage show I saw years ago!
Dancing and costumes were fantastic.This will mean the most to the stage musicals fans whereas the average theater attendee will not have an appreciation for this.
Tienen que observar el arte
This movie was fantastic! It was so much fun, there were some great characters to meet, the singing and dancing were beautiful and the story was moving. A lot of the negativity towards this movie comes from the animation, which isn't great to look at, but within the first 3 minutes of the film I was able to get past. The only parts of this film I didn't like were Taylor Swift and Rebel Wilson. Taylor Swift's character was boring and had a very bad fake English accent that was also sometimes American, while Rebel Wilson played the same character from every other film she's been in, only this time it was more gross. Jennifer Hudson and Francesca Hayward were phenomenal, along with the rest of the cast. If you understand what Cats is and you let yourself enjoy the film, you will love this movie.
Very entertaining, not as good as a great live performance, but, on the other hand, the animation was pretty cool. Dont listen the the critics! Go see it if you love cats.
I dont understand the critic reviews. This movie was a great adaptation of the musical which doesnt really have a story. It a song and dance show about cats...plain and simple. You got to see the show for its music, choreography, costumes and production values. This film is a very good interpretation of the show. Absolutely loved it!!!! 
For me, as a lover of the original Broadway production, I wanted to see how the story would be adapted and modernized. I was pleasantly impressed with the choice of many cast members (Dame Judi Dench was delightful) and intrigued that said cast seemed quite at ease filling roles that required such agility and lithe body movements one expects from a feline.I just saw it opening night and look forward to being able to purchase it...especially since I already have the soudtrack.
movie was very terrible my friend fell asleepAnd we couldn't even finish watching the movie, it was totally trash!
How do you rate garbage? Do you compare it to the rest of the dumpster? Please, someone explain this travesty.
A little slow-paced and could have been shorter by about 20-30 min.However, loved the dancing, music and costumes!
I loved it, even though their were some parts hard to comprehend, Ill watch it a handful of times 
If you liked or loved the stage show, you will like or love the movie. If you didnt like the stage show or you dont like pet cats, you will not like the movie. Also, it helps to like 1930s poetry as 85% of the lyrics in the music is directly pulled from T.S. Elliots Old Possums Book or Practical Cats!
Had to walk out 30 minutes into the movie. Literally had no plot or character development! 
Taylor Swift part was the best
You have to go expecting weird. It WILL out-weird you, it's a guarantee, so if you go expecting weird it will soften the blow.Go for the music and the performances, and don't expect consistent tone, anyone that knows cats knows they don't have one personality or tone and this movie follows suit.You will never see another movie like this, and if you go in ready for it you might love it like I did.
Creepy CGI, tedious film, bad direction. Cat fur all over the body, but it stopped at wrists and ankles. Acting runs the gamut from none to over the top.
Movie was awesome. Was so involved in the movie time just flew by. The young dancer who played Victoria was an extraordinary dancer and all cast members were great.
AMAZING, beautifully done, I enjoyed the musica (act II)l but the movie took my breath away!!
I can't even look my own cat in the eyes anymore
Made an account just to combat the foolish hate for this wonderful film.This movie is brilliant. The singing, the dancing, the imagination, it's been awhile since I've felt transported by a film. I found myself tapping my feet along with Skimbleshanks, rooting for Mr. Mistofelees, at turns feeling my arms goosebumping and my mouth widening in awe.(Also can we take a moment to appreciate the stunning costuming/cgi? And the cockroach chorus line?) I feel like the only reason this is getting hate is because it's good clean fun. I was never into the musical but this movie wonderfully wove together the musical's more...disparate elements. The cast was INCREDIBLE. If you want to lose yourself in a well-crafted film, forget the haters (critics panned The Greateat Showman too) and treat yourself to this lovely work of art.
didnt know it was a musical but it was an okay movie, if you enjoy dancing and singing youll like it
Cats is horrific, confusing, and fun!
If you went to the movies to see a newer version of a old fan favorite then it is 100% 4 out of 5 stars. Very good movie, great dancing and choreograph.Actors were perfect.
Part of me wishes I had not known the musical prior to watching. I have to give props to the actors and choreographer. They gave it their all and I had a great time seeing the dancing, especially the to scenes. That said, this was truly a creative misfire, concerning visual effects. I wanted to like it, but every time I was pulled into the plot, the human hands, CGI bodies, and weird music choices threw me off. Slightly off topic butthey did this thing (similar to the Les Mis movie) where they would bring focus to the individual voices of the singers during chorus numbers. It was weird because it threw off the balance of the harmonies for me.I enjoyed a bit it, especially the bad parts. However it was also very boring at times. I was spitting out my drink laughing in some scenes and dozing off in others.I would recommend it for rental DVD
Despite a few moments of singing and dancing by good character actors, the whole vibe is wierd and a short story cobbled together in a disjointed way.Beginning especially is a snooze fest.The critics were right on this one.Not enough singing & dancing to salvage it unfortunately.
A for Effort. Its biggest flaw being choppy editing that didnt fully establish geography and display the choreography. 
Ignore all the negative reviews if you love music, great dance, being moved and thoroughly entertained.I truly enjoyed it!
We love the movie. Beautiful CAST.As good as the Broadway show.
A PHENOMENAL movie adaptation of a musical. FULLY realized, and now, WITH A PLOT! A fully committed whose who cast, and a brilliant gift for any fans of the musical. 
Super creepy...first movie I EVER wanted to walk out of.
I was so eager to see this movie. I am a music person who loves musicals and have performed in many myself. What my family and I witnessed was a sad presentation of what could have been a fantastic musical. If I had not already known the music, I would not have been able to remember a tune after the show. I am sorry to say, but I would not recommend this to anyone!
The only part I was upset about was that they left the whole fight with Macavity out of the movie. Other than that, I enjoyed this take on CATS
If you enjoy singing and dance see this movie.
If you loved it in the theater, youll love the movie. Great cast and incredible costumes.
It was the best scary movie I ever watch it scared my little brother I love it
Calling all musical lovers, This is a thoroughly enjoyable adaptation of the broadway musical! Amazing and moving performances by Judy Dench, Jennifer Hudson and Francesca Hayward.The CGI is a littly funky on the faces of the younger cast members and when they are dancing, but the older cast members and slower scenes it is perfect fantastical display. The plot has been adjusted for easier understanding and some of their adjustments add more depth and enjoyment especially with Gus the Theater Cat and Mr. Mistoffelees.
It started off very slow, but half way through it got better.
My boyfriend yanked me off to this bad boy the cats turned him on, that is why we went to watch this in the first place, cats make him horny as hell, lol great movie if your boyfriend gets horny from cats.
I'm trying NOT to think of the movie.
If you liked the musical you will LOVE this film. If you barely made it through this musical, you will be praying for the big spaceship in the sky to come ASAP. It was beautiful, but the story is nonsensical crap (I fall into the later category).
I had seen the play. Without that the movie would have been a bore.
I signed up for an account just to say how terrible this film was. PETA should step in because Cats truly is cruelty to animals. If Mr. Mistoffelees had magical powers and didnt make this movie disappear he should be ashamed of himself. I felt rage at the end when that last song with Judy Dench just wouldnt end. Like Chinese water torture.
Beautiful music and performers. The production value is through the roof. I came prepared to hate this movie, but I enjoyed every moment of the film. Despite what other reviewers have said, the CGI is not too distracting, and the only flaw I found was that the explanations in the plot are rather short. I was completely immersed in the world of Cats and was endeared to the characters. I would watch it again - recommended.
I was very excited to see Cats & very disappointed in the movie. Movie drags & does not Lee your interest. Singing is just ok honestly.
A bit slow in the beginning but picked up later. Great costumes and makeup. Superb performances, especially Jennifer Hudson.
Great Musical, very touching. 
The movie was awful. Cars WAS my favorite musical until I saw this movie. Dark, slow moving, boring, terrible adaptation. Don't go!!
Simply amazing. I am soooo glad I did not listen to those that are critical of this awesome movie. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE go. And tell your friends. It deserves to be seen.
Great cast.Its better live. Loses something on the big screen..
Disturbing. Boring. Creepy. Painful to watch
I loved that they used a lot of the original songs and followed the original story for the most part.
It was the dumbest movie I've ever seen.
"Cats" is a movie that does EXACTLY what it set out to do - make a musical movie adaption of the stage musical. And it does a passable job of it. The actors surprised me in how good they were in their roles. And none of them sounded like they shouldn't be singing ever. The sets are frankly amazing. And the CG costumes look infinitely better in the final product than in the trailers. So much so that I actually think they used unfinished shots on purpose to curb any hype.The movie only changed a few things from the stage show, but only a few of them were really successful. The trimming and/or dropping of certain songs was sad, but ultimately expected when adapting a musical from stage to screen. On the other hand, the addition of few spoken lines to break up the music and to smooth the transition from song to song was okay in theory. But it practice, several of these additions caused the movie to feel -less- smooth at times. Then some plot was added to try to help prop up the almost non-existent one from the musical. And while certainly helps, it feels like it was hamfisted in.But there were some changes that really did help the movie. Victoria - a silent, yet prominent member of the chorus in the stage musical - is given the expanded role of the audience surrogate in the movie. Which, to my pleasant surprise, allows for a more coherent story overall. Old Deuteronomy, who has been played by a male actor up to now, is played by Judi Dench - which gives a lovely new twist on the character. But if I start start talking about the changes to the other characters, I'd actually start spoiling stuff, so I'll stop there. And finally, what is probably the best change - in my opinion - is the addition of the new song "Beautiful Ghosts". This is sung by Victoria in response to "Memory (Prelude)" that Grizabella sings at the end of the first half of the movie, and highlights the similarities and differences between to two characters and their circumstances.
Saw all the hype, and mostly because T-swift made an appearance, I decided to go see Cats. WORST DECISION OF THE DECADE! This movie begins in a mess, has terrible composition, a confusing plot, and their music is just tragic. Could not even sit through this entire movie and left with my brother saying, "Ugh wow I cannot believe this is real." Guys, its just terrible. Don't waste your money, even to just see how bad it really is. That may even be these producers' strategy due to how absolutely HORRENDOUS this movie is. It's a PHAT NO from Patricia. Just horrid. I've never been a cat lady, but this movie just goes straight to the litter box.
Story? Trash. CGI? Trash? Tone? Inconsistent. Songs? Decent. Hotel? Trivago
It was just kind of weird.
Nah, bro. The faces look like those old games where u can face swap your face onto a digital character. Enough said.
Didnt care for it, much too long, nodded off a few times during it.
Cats definitely lives up to its tagline "You Will Believe" as it finds director Tom Hooper taking every single wrong step in adapting a musical to the screen to the point where the end result is so disastrous that it's practically fascinating and must be seen to be believed!
Im a fan of the broadway play so I enjoyed it. Animation was a little off but apparently thats being fixed...
As the song states, "Jellicles can and Jellicles do". That's precisely the problem.
Well at least Jennifer Hudson was great
A hot mess. I will see it again to see if I understand it better. 
Once you get past the shock of seeing the horrible, horrible, horrible creatures, it's actually pretty... fun. I went as a joke and actually ended up enjoying it! The dancing and singing was so good, even if watching CGI cat abominations was a little gross. Mette Towly's performance actually had me crying?? It was weird but I didn't hate it. There were some problematic parts (some related to race and gender).
This was a train wreck from the opening scene of confused proportions and inconsistent CGI. It lacked energy and heart....and made me hate my eyes.
Without a doubt, the worst movie in theaters. Avoid watching at all costs -- total waste of time.
I saw the Broadway play in the 80's & yesterday I saw the movie version with an open mind not certain of what to expect. I was extremely delighted by it. The colors, the grandeur of the items, the actors expressions as cats, the dancers precise moves, and then there's Ms. Jennifer Hudson who captures your heart, wrings it with all of her might, stomps on it & hands it back to you to collect the pieces (just brilliant). The movie has funny moments & eye candy for days just pick your poison: Idris Elba, Jason Derulo, Taylor Swift, Rebel Wilson, James Corden, the beautiful Francesca Hayward, Les Twins plus the only & only Ms. Judi Dench. DO NOT go by the paid critics reviews, give this movie a chance & enter the world of CATS.
I loved it but, I also loved the play! The singing was great. Jennifer Hudson was outstanding. James Cordon and Rebel were hilarious. I cant wait to see it again and sing every song.
Throughly enjoyed this movie version of the Broadway hit, Cats.Beautiful music, great dancing, great costumes & terrific performances!Loved it!
On multiple occasions it activated my fight or flight response. Its the weirdest movie you'll see in the theaters in a long time, its so bad but its a must see.
Kitty Litter! Cost a fortune to make but the lack of a plot and unbearably pompous cats make it a very expensive stinkeroo!
This movie made me feel like I got dumber after watching it. I def would not go again. For kids it is good they'll prolly enjoy it.
For the love of all that is holy please do not watch this film unless you are looking for a reason to rip your eyes out of your head and skullf**k your own face... The scary part is that they creators genuinely thought they were onto something classic. In truth, it succeeds in nothing more than diluting my mind with musical cancer; furthered by the fact that the story is awful and the proportions are completely off with everything
Stuck to the broadway show
Really really enjoyed this show. Worth watching again and again
Being familiar with the broadway musical I was expecting a little more and found it to be a snooze fest. I don't know why though the movie couldn't keep my attention. There was plenty of singing and dancing though turning the musical into a movie adaptation is a challenge that wasn't successful.
Unfortunately this movie is all hype and no substance. Although the dancing and choreography are quite spectacular to watch, and the movie follows a good story line, much of the singing is just down right terrible...to the point of actually being quite nauseating at times.
Didnt make sense. Wasnt real. A complete joke and waste of money.
It was never ending. I actually fell asleep several times...the best part was when Jennifer Hudson sang Memories. It was horrific.....
Dame Judi Dench and Ian Mckellen were the best
What the jellicle...!?!?!?
The dancing and music was good, hard to follow the plot.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!Horrible, god awful movie.Seemed to be no plot wife and I walked out in 20-25 minutes at her suggestion. And just so you know she loves musicals, has been to numerous, even on Broadway.
Pretty bad. Jennifer Hudsons performance was the only redeeming thing.
Worst movie Ive ever seen. Half of the theater left in the middle of it. Never again. James Corden was the only good part.
Its weird but so is the musical. There is no plot but there wasnt one with the musical. Its Cats. If you dont care for musicals or plotless singing competitions amongst cats then you wont like this movie. I will say, this should have been a straight to Netflix or something movie because this is a tough watch in the theater with kids. Wait for streaming. The movie theater ruined all the good parts.
Do I even need to say anything...
I saw this 20+ years ago in England on stage thereforeI wasn't sure how it would stack up. However, I was pleasantly suprised. The customs where excellent as well as the music. The story line isso true of cats, and I am not a cat person!The cast did an excellent job of expressing the different character personalities of each cat.It can't compare to a stage production but as a movie it was wonderfully done. Congratulations to the entire cast!
Loved the production of CATS !The dancing , signing and story were definitly worth seeing
HISSSSSSSSSS! I was hoping it would be funny like The Room but it was just baaaaaad 
The sex scene was very nice
Great cast, stellar music including the original Beautiful Ghosts. Negative reviewers seem to be competing to win the Bitchiest Snark Review prize. Its fun and tells the story well.
I have never been more uncomfortable watching a movie. Wow. Words cannot describe this trainwreck.
Total disappointment!No story line!Hard to follow!Just not good!Left the movie thinking what did I just watch!
This movie looks horrific. 
asking whether or not this movie is good is not of importance. it is the sexually provocative, thematically obscure cult classic of our generation, the pure entertainment this troubled world has been asking for.
The horrid CGI fur almost distracted me from the clear lack of theatrical training of the cast.
One of the "worst" musical films of all time. The costumes were bland, the singing scenes were too long and very boring.The cast mediocre.I did however think JHUD was good and Idris Elba also(a very short part but good).Very disappointing.
What's the worse you can get? I guess this...
there are no wires to describe how bad this is. why would anyone even try to make something like this. my life now feels like a bad dream i don't know if i'll ever wake up from
I loved the music and creativity of the costumes!
This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The plot of the movie was set up at the very beginning, and everything else is filler bullshit until the end, then you're like "Ohhh that's why you brought it up". This film barely has a 3 act story structure, or at least it didnt seem that way to me at least. Nice job turning a 3 hour play into a less than 2 hour shitshow. Because they had to condense the runtime for movie theaters, this movie has sooooo much missing and it's so apparent. The "filler bullshit" I'm mentioned before is the stupid characters and their stupid songs. Each character has a song that introduces them. After the song is over, they don't really do much of anything. For example, I fucking forgot Taylor Swift was in this movie, because she shows up once and has one song then leaves for the rest of the movie??? Most of the songs also have no connection to the plot really and the backing music sounds like it was made in Garageband! Some of Andrew Lloyd Webbers songs are catchy but the film makes them so irritating. Ive listened to the Broadway cast recording and I dont remember hating it this much. The singing isnt great either. I know Taylor Swift can sing, but she sings in a whisper as part of her character but it doesnt sound good. I swear Judi Dench and her talk singing was so damn awkward and terrible. James Cordens musical number is bizzare and came straight from my god damn nightmares. The musical number was so crazy and awful that I laughed cried and couldn't stop for a while, and the only other people in the theatre sitting several seats away from me kept looking over at me and started laughing because of how hard I was laughing. I'm not joking. There was also a part where Judi Dench kinda falls over and she looks like she just orgasmed and it killed me. Man did that look funny as hell. The only two actors in this film that actually sound good are Jennifer Hudson (her singing 'Memory' was literally the only good part of this film) and Jason Derulo (who's actually not a bad actor and his British accent is actually pretty good). Btw, why do all the cats speak with British accents? I get it because of their location in the film, but they're fucking cats and Taylor Swifts english accent is awful so why?!? Ian Mckellen is in the film, and he's sings the most boring song in the show and I swear to god it lasts 10 minutes. Wait what's the plot again? All these cats wanna fuck each other I swear. It's very very weird to see Judi Dench give this young female cat the fuck eyes and rub heads together it's really fucking DISGUSTING. THESE HUMAN LOOKING CATS ALL SNIFF EACH OTHERS OWN BUTTS AND RUB ON EACH OTHER ITS SO ODD AND PERVERSE I WISH I WAS MAKING THIS SHIT UP. I cant even remember if the main cat girl sang or not, or speak even. That's not a good sign. The CGI looks alright mostly, but sometimes you wanna douse your eyes in razorblades because it's so bad. The studio is re-releasing the movie with better CGI I guess, because the CGI is the ONLY bad thing about this movie, that's why they are gonna change it now. Since they changed the ONE BAD THING ABOUT THIS MOVIE i say "yayyyy they fixed it! what a good film. 10/10." Idris Elba. Dude. What the fuck why are u in this movie. His costume was kinda cool until he takes it off completely to be a black naked cat and he looks so so so so so bad. Idris Elba also DOES NOTHING IN THIS MOVIE. NO BODY DOES JACK SHIT EXCEPT SING AND DANCE AND THEY CANT EVEN DO THAT RIGHT. I dont hate Rebel Wilson or James Corden like a lot of people do, I think they are both funny and talented, but they are the stupidest characters in this movie and I hated them so much. They are the comic relief and their jokes are so bad and unfunny and TOTALLY doesnt work for the tone of this film. This acid trip of a movie haunts me. I've never seen the Andrew Lloyd Webber show and this film makes me never want to. This film reeks of sloppiness and the cgi looks like diarrhea. 1.5/10.
I truly enjoyed this movie and would see it again! Loved the acting and musicals!
I didnt see the play. This was very entertaining
I'm allergic.It's a great cast and maybe it's just musicals aren't for everyone but this movie felt like it was tailored for a very specific audience and I was not among them.
I wish there was more of Taylor Swift in it. They promoted her name in the movie, a lot, and she barely had any screen time besides one performance (that was major and the highlight of the movie in my humble opinion).
Camera work scene changes bad. Not enough dancing singing Dialogue bad Changes from original bad
The original Cats musical opened on stage 40 years ago.The music, costumes & set were like nothing seen before.A movie version in todays day with digital technology (feline features), current vocal & movie stars and some updated musical scores put a fresh perspective on the Cats story.For this generation I thought the movie was purr-fectly fun & entertaining !
This movie isn't for everybody. If you don't like musicals or aren't familiar with the original Cats musical at even a basic level, then you're not going to enjoy this. Otherwise, there's a lot to appreciate about this film. It has an all-star cast who take their roles very seriously, beautiful cinematography and sets, and lots of fun dancing and music. It's a shame that more people won't see this film, but it's been written off as a joke because of the costumes by most people whether they've seen the final product or not.
Having seen this on stage 2-3 times, I have been anxious to see how they would do the movie.I was NOT disappointed.I have loved this show from the moment I first saw it.It is incredible!My husband and I both remarked how their ears moved.Amazing...simply amazing.
Awful movie, Really bad CGI.
I found the movie to be highly entertaining.Ive seen Cats on Broadway and thought essence of the theater production was captured on the big screen.I would see it a second time.
Costumes and dance were good but really hard to follow story line.
All i can say is bad, i personally did not enjoy this movie at all
It was overall very cringe and stupid
THE AMPLIFIED BREATHING? WHAT IN THE WORLD WAS THAT? I truly cannot believe ALW would let this happen to his own creation.
Amazing thought provoking visuals, fantastic dance sequences, each song better than the last...I will see Cats again!!!
I liked it more than the play.
Outstanding performances by entire cast populated by well known stars and singers. The acrobatic and ballet dancing was nothing less than perfect.Now for the too long a movie that could have been edited better.Although quite relaxing which put myself and my wife to sleep throughout the movie.The costumes and other effects will enable the producers to win some awards in choreography costume, music, stage design, etc.Maybe now we should have awarded the movie 4 Stars in lieu of 3!Daniel & Karen - the Chicago Hollywood Couple!
This was disappointing because I like the music and dancing in the CATS musical but this movie was terrible. I've seen CATS live and this was a pisspour. Tired of people getting casted because they are celebrities or singers in a different genre who do not do broadway. Choose a broadway cast that has performed these roles in the actual CATS musical. The music was lacking. Also, the production of the picture was horrible.
Did not like one thing about this movie. Total waste of my time and money.
singing and dancing was amazing, truly exceptional... wonderful cast.... the storyline was a little difficult to get into
Although the cast was strong the voices were not. I would much prefer the stage play.
Loved loved loved it!!!!!The singing, dancing and acting was AMAZING
Not what I was expecting anf hoping for. I have wanted to see this ovie my whole life and it was a great disappointment.The story was ALL over the place. IT was boring and just bad. This was a movie I went to see as mother/daughter day out. Next time I will not have big expectations!
Wasn't bad a few slow parts have seen movies that RT gave 100% and walked out!
Would have walked out in the first 10 minutes of it weren't my anniversary and my partner didn't end up loving the movie. The entire scene introducing Rebel Wilson's character felt wrong and drug induced. Did get better towards the end, from the introduction of Ian Mckellen's character to just before the end was decent. It gets 3 stars because my partner is demanding it as they cook me a steak, personally one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
Bring out the cat box....
Great costumes and some good dance routines.
The movie was terrible.More like a music video than like the Broadway and London stage productions.Jennifer Hudson did not do "Memory" justice.There was too much video special effects and the singing was sub par.I loved the show but hated the movie.
It was a weird movie from beginning to end, but the only truly memorable moment was Jennifer Hudson's "memories" song, which was beautiful and filled with emotion. Otherwise, the movie is forgettable and only worth it, if you have nothing else to do and this is coming someone that usually likes musicals. Sadly, in my showing there was only a handful of people and three people walked out the theater at the very beginning of the movie and I only stayed since I only paid matinee price and I was hoping it would get better and it never did.
This was so much worse than I dared hope.
I did not know the plot so went in with objective eyes.The beginning was a little confusing for me but after that I just got on board and enjoyed the ride.It is a beautifully done movie, the detail and scenery were amazing.I loved the music and all the different cats.I really enjoyed it!
Cats was... an abomination.Seriously, this movie is so awful in so many different ways I truly don't understand who decided it was a good idea to spend 100 million dollars on this.To start off, I've never seen the musical, so I'm not in any way comparing it to that. The plot is nonexistent, the film literally goes nowhere and at under two hours still feels like it's worn out it's welcome before the halfway point. If you're into endurance trials that plunge you deep into the uncanny valley while warbling nonsense at you with the occasionally hackneyed Rebel Wilson gag thrown in then this is the film for you.This is the ugliest movie I've seen all year, the designs for the Cats is this horrifying cross between cat bodies and human hands, feet, and faces. To make it worse, the cats are all weirdly horny and constantly writhing around each other twitchy there tails and rubbing necks. It's deeply uncomfortable.I'm no stranger to camp and can certainly appreciate it in the right context but this film's tone does not at all match its presentation, the whole affair is weirdly self-serious which makes it hard to even enjoy as a so bad it's good sort of film.The musical numbers themselves are mostly fine, one of them even got me teary-eyed despite my complete lack of investment in the plot of the film. Jennifer Hudson's performance of "Memory" is hands down the best part of the entire film. Despite the generally decent quality of the music it's actual substance is nonexistent. Most of the songs just consist of introducing another character that ends up playing virtually no further role in the film, there's very little connecting dialogue between songs as well so the film essentially just barrages you with these musical numbers that do nothing to create a compelling narrative to follow and subject you to the deeply uncomfortable visuals, the songs all feel way too long as well likely a result of the nonexistent plot and abysmal pacing.This is such a weird movie to review, it's just doing everything wrong, like absolutely every choice this movie makes is awful, but it's directed by Tom Hooper who's directed some solid films and the excellent His Dark Materials adaptation. The film features an all-star cast with the likes of Judi Dench, Idris Elba, Ian Mckellen, and others. I genuinely don't get how this could turn out so awful.Oh yea, the set design, it looks like the cheap set of a low budget theater production, like seriously camp or no camp it just looks so egregiously fake, a ton of it is clearly just CGI'd in including a bunch of props. I honestly feel like I'm missing some larger point about Cats, like this presentation has to be intentional, and yet, no, it can't be there nothing redeeming about it, there's no clear intention behind the choices, the whole thing feels like someone took a stage play and let a small child scribble all over it with computer animation.Overall, it was fucking awful and you shouldn't see it.2/10 Cat Scat Fever
One of the worst films ever
If you have never genuinely liked movie musicals, this one will not change your mind. There is a huge array of talent on display here from the on camera performers, to choreography, to the production design and cinematography. There is undeniable talent shining through the performances of Robbie Fairchild (Munkustrap), Francesca Hayward (Victoria) , and Jennifer Hudson (Grizabella). The problem with Cats the movie musical is the property itself. I have never seen the Andrew Lloyd Weber stage show, nor am I familiar with the TS Elliot source material. I expect movies to introduce me to characters, express a conflict, and rumble on toward a climax. The weak conflict here is some competition to be chosen for a better next life. What we have is an endless series of introductions, each with its own musical number. All intros, no plot. There is zero motive force in this movie.Songs are sung and dances danced because someone is deeply fascinated that some cats grow fat and some are schizophrenic about being inside or outside. Seriously, by the time they got around to introducing Skimbleshanks the railroad cat, I wanted to scream and end my movie viewing life. As one might expect of director Tom Hooper (Les Miserables), the movements are balletic and the sound is sometimes operatic. Some of poor Ian McKellen's musical monologues got completely lost in the sound mix. Cats has a big snore factor. I am not saying that cats don't merit adoration. I am saying that Cats the movie musical largely doesn't. I feel a little sorry for everyone that has this one on their resume. There might be an opportunity for this to become a cult movie. I just don't know.
What did you expect? Oh. Do the you think the humans pretending to be magical singing cats look weird? I tell you, if someone was going to make an adaptation of ALW's Cats, i WANTED it to look weird! I wanted it to strange, fantastical, sometimes silly, sometimes oddly serious, and always unlike any other movie out there. In those terms, this film is a wild success. You can argue that you don't like the show on which it is based (I had actually never seen it, nor was I familiar with most of the music,) and that you might have never had any interest in seeing any adaptation of it period, but I feel like most people are merely reviewing the film's existence and not the film itself. If you don't like the look of the film and the performers, what WOULD have satisfied you? It was always going to be humans pretending to be cats. Yes, the CGI fur and make-up looks odd, but I was totally fine with it. I was thoroughly entertained for the entire film. I went to an early press screening, and then took my wife a few days later. Unlike me, she is very familiar with the show and she absolutely loved this film. Even more than I. Are there so rough edges to this film? Definitely. But that's certainly true with similarly toned recent musicals like Moulin Rouge or The Greatest Showman, and I like this film considerably more than those. The cast here is excellent. Ian McKellen is a notable standout. Many of the non-star dancers are exceptional. I think Hooper did an excellent job with the film. A Cats movie was always going to be weird. This is gloriously weird. The more people who hate on it now, the bigger the cult status it will achieve later. This film has its fans. They just need to find each other. This one will be watched for years to come. Just not by everyone.
I can think of only one word to describe this movie: awful.
Its got really great music with costumes that are fantastic but the special effects left a lot to be desired!
So, so, boring! The plot doesnt even make sense and it's so hard to understand everyone. The worst musical movie ever!
It exceeded expectations, Jennifer Hudson was unbelievable, we really hope she gets the recognition she deserves for her performance. we went skeptically to see this because we were huge fans of the original broadway production. It was different but no less touching and no less magical. Bravo.
I loved the Stage Production; This Big Budget attempt was just plain weird. Famous casting with no respect of the show characters, turned this to a laugh. Bad singing, (except Hudson) Derulo with no singing rhythm, Dench no singing voice. Who's Idea was this. the CG set pieces for the big dance numbers mad the dancers look like they were floating.... Just film them on stage and leave it......... Terrible and boring.
no no no no no. No no
Save your money its not a good movie to see 
If you enjoy musicals you should enjoys this. Don't compare this to the theater performance it's nothing like that, but was very entertaining. Yes some were off key and story line of songs was changed. but Kept moving and was fun at times and sad at times. I would recommend.
The character design felt creepy and overall is a terrible movie
I went to the movie today with friends who had seen the theatre version.Before seeing the film, I glanced at Rotten Tomatoes and noticed the 15 rating and almost canceled my plans.So glad I didn't!I loved the movie:the songs, the acting, the dancing, the story, the cinematography, the staging.It has it all!Ignore the critics and go see it!
Loved the dance of the cats. Music enjoyable but I lost most of the words so the story was confusing and some what lost. I was broken-hearted because I loved the characters!
I loved it. My children found it easier to understand too
No theme--horrible movie--boring
The critic reviews for CATS are just proof that movie reviewers should not be allowed to pass judgement on musical theatre. It's called "suspension of disbelief," people, you should embrace it and have fun. There were a couple of artistic choices that I question and James Corden and Rebel Wilson were not that great. Other than that we found it enchanting and marvelous. We have seen it on stage three times and will again. If the critics just wanted a reproduction of the stage show watch the video from 1998. It did that just fine. The original show is broadly hated by millions of people, this will be no different. We were perfectly willing to accept this as a new interpretation and most of it worked just fine. The newcomer Francesa Hayward is simply dazzling as our "guide" through the Jellicle cats' world. I have seen every translation from stage to screen. This holds up with any of them.
I would rather watch Super Mario Bros porn for 2 hours straight then watching this again. I was constantly terrified, and the sheer nudity of these cats were shocking. Never see this movie. This should have been a hardware store ad because currently I am heading to Home Depot to buy some rope, and finally end it all. I hate everything.
Cats made some...choices. But if you look past the terrible cgi and off-key singing (I'm so sorry Judi Dench) this movie actually has a lot of heart. I enjoyed it more than I thought I would, with this rendition of memories blowing me away.
I was entertained by Cats. It was funny and touching. Some of the camera work was too jumpy and I did notice the scale of cats to their environment being sort of wacky but hey, it's entertainment not science. The costuming and CGI that transformed humans into cats was great. The actors did a good job of mimicking cat behavior. Judith Dench was great.
Big oof. Like, how did they think this would be good?
JUST GOT FINISHING WATCHING CATS! MY OVERALL TAKE IT WASN'T BAD! I SCORE IT GRADE B.. ME AND MY DAUGHTER AND HUSBAND SEEN IT.. THERE WAS PARTS IN THE MOVIE WAS GOOD. AND SOME PARTS THAT WAS ALLRIGHT! BUT I LOVE THE DANCING IN THE MOVIE.. AND WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT JENNIFER HUDSON SHE WAS GREAT! I LOVE HER VOICE! 
Waist of time!!!!! We left after 25min.
Poor movie, did not enjoy the story line or the acting which was very surprising considering the line up of actors! Wouldnt recommend spending money on a cinema ticket. 
It sounds like a winning formula. You take a universally recognized musical, combine it with a winning cast of fan favorites, and you make a movie. Unfortunately, for "Cats" something went wrong along the way with bad decisions made over the look of the film, and that has made what should have been a slam dunk success into a very hard to watch affair.Goodness this cast is incredible. Judi Dench, Jennifer Hudson, James Corden, Idris Elba, it goes on and on, with the classic music and characters in tact.But as you may have heard when the trailer was released, everything is digitized straight into the litter box. These beautiful talents look absolutely terrible, almost nightmarish, and director Tom Hooper insists that we stare these poorly rendered creations right in the eye for a large portion of the film. Their faces are out of place, the strong choreography is lost in the way the dancers move in this bizarre environment, and everything done on screen misses the tone of the narrative almost completely.Honestly, I would have preferred this cast acting out the musical in plain clothes as opposed to this. At least then we would be able to enjoy the passion this group puts into the project that gets lost in the final product.What keeps this mess from being a complete failure are the vocals. Jennifer Hudson belts out her numbers effortlessly. Taylor Swift is interesting in this new environment despite it's lack of quality, and Dench along with Ian McKellen do manage to power through the junk to inject some emotion.It's still really bad and you should skip it. If you love the material, I would suggest taking a blindfold to the theater if you're absolutely determined to see this film.
Despite me saying I didnt think itd be fair for me to review this movie because I dont fw musicals....you, the people, have requested I post my most honest & outlandish opinion as always. So, Cats directed by Tom Hooper....produced by Amblin Entertainment....gets a whopping 2 stars (out of five). Strengths:-CostumesVery real-looking and intriguing -I read an article that the actors had to go to cat school in order to train for the movie. I could see that throughout the movie through various sounds and mannerisms. For that, Im sure it took dedication and discipline....all I admire-Choreography was also -A lot of the actors......this was a different and new role for them....and I appreciated....the effort. -TAYLOR SWIFT, hands down, did her THINGGGGGG in thisLike probably the only part of the movie that made me happy. That and.....-Idris Elba! THAT DAMN IDRIS ELBA!!!!hes so damn good at playing the antagonist....he did great! Baby, come home and be my cat. Ill get the litter ready. Weaknesses:-Personal opinion: the movie is straight up WEIRD to watch and just needs to be thrown away-The PLOT!!!! Where was the plot?If you are unfamiliar with the original 1998 version like I am.....youd need to pay close attention to the movie to actually understand wtf was going on.....which even then might not help....which leads me to the next point......-Its TOO EASY to get lost in the musical that the movie loses it......whatever it isit takes way too long to get to the point of the movie and wtf is actually going on. And even when they get to what is going on.....I still left the movie like What did I just watch? What did I get from this? Anything? Nope.-I feel like they tried to throw Jennifer Hudsons vocals at the end to wrap up the movie with a nice bow to put under the Christmas tree.......but no, unwrap that bow......and put the gift back on Santas sleigh. Overall: Bobbie is never picking the movie again. And the only musicals Ill be watching is High School Musical and Hairspray. Kay, thanks. 
I haven't seen the Moive yet but I will hopefully see it soon
WWVOAT: Worse Wasted Video of all time!Stay home do not go see Cats!
As so often the critics don't know what they are talking about. I LOVED IT!! If you liked the show you will almost certainly like the film. If you've not seen the show go to see a film like no other with an open mind. Some elements work better on stage, some on screen but the director has taken good advantage of the screen opportunities. There is more plot than the show. The expansion of Victoria's role works well and adds a lot. Criticism of cats looking like, er cats is daft. The film is entirely in the spirit of the show, for example the cat like behaviours and movements. The dancing is fabulous though one of the aspects that work better for me on stage. I'd have preferred a male baritone as Old Deuteronomy, though Judy Dench acts well as do Ian McKellan and James Corden. The only disappointment for us was the rather bland Rum Tum Tugger compared with the stage show, presumably toned down to ensure a U certificate. But barely a shoulder shimmy - really?
the movie was beautiful with fun songs and dancing
I honestly loved it so much. Walked in not sure what to expect so was expecting the worst and was absolutely shocked. I went solely for Taylor Swift but than by the end I wasn't there for her (she did do an amazing job but has her song and literally one or two lines after that than poof she's gone) but Munkustrap The Magic Cat and especially Vitoria the whole cast was amazing!!!!!
Do you love musical theatre? Are the lyrics to at least 20 Broadway showtunes etched into your brain? Was Chicago one of your favorite movies of all time? Have you watched the video version of the stage play of Cats several times? Do you already know what a jellicle cat is? Do you not mind people in digital fur? Then this is the movie for you!!! They sing, they dance, they look like cats. Good choreography, nice vocals and a visually stunning production that never slows down. There is a tap dancing cat in this movie!! If you can't appreciate that, I really feel sorry for you. On the other hand, if you can't stand musicals, lack anything that resembles a sense of humor and are not a cat person,don't bother. You can't be saved. After thoroughly enjoying this movie with my 8 year old daughter and fellow musicals enthusiast, I really only have one question: when will the sing-along version be available? And Mr. Hooper, if you're out there: don't listen to the haters. The love you put into this movie shines through. You made this for the showtunes nerds and we see what you are making here. It's special. Thank you.
Saw this last night & came out feeling as though a director had taking "Rocky Horror Picture Show" and made a semi-family-friendly movie about a couple who stumble into a costume party after their car breaks down.....
McRae, Hayward and HUDSON stole the show! Idris was great casting and Rebel and James hilarious. Going to see again
Yeah, it's bizarre, but it's Cats. It's supposed to be weird. My biggest complaint is Macavity - I feel like Idris Elba's talent was wasted on what should not have been a bland, by-the-numbers villain...but was.
I have found that most movie reviewers dont really know what makes for a great movie. All they seem to care about is the quality of the technology that went into the making of a movie. CATS is a wonderfully warm, human, uplifting story that at the end will have you on the verge of tearsThis movie tears at your heart strings. This is the 2nd time I have seen it in just over a week.
wonderful costumes and makeup. great voices and music
As bad as everyone is saying. There is no plot at all. It just move from one song and dance number to another, which are filmed so choppy they are hard to even follow. This leads to tedium which in turn leads to boredom. I kept dozing off. Really, awful movie.
One of the worst films ever made. Train wreck from the opening scene. Don't waste your time.
I can't believe this movie is in theaters. I wanted to walk out after 15 minutes, but I decided to stay to see how bad it can really get. Needless to say it got progressively worse. Buyer beware. 
I liked the music but the rest was just ok.
Once through the first few minutes there is plenty to enjoy. The songs are all memorable. The story line is weak but it was in the stage version. Enjoy the fantasy.
Total crap...I was literally embarrassed to be in the theater
One of the worst movies that has ever been created.The word STUPID barely scratches the surface
Good adaptation of the musical. Critics that blasted it probably didn't like the Broadway show either. Perfect small role for Taylor Swift.
I mean cmon, you would have to be a pervert to enjoy whatever that is.
This didn't need to be.
Just A bunch of cats singing and dancing in the street
Magical, mesmerizing, and awe inspiring! I saw it because I am huge Taylor swift, fan, but entire cast was amazing, especially; Francesca Hayward. She the most cat like, of course cat like agility is part of her ballet training. Her face was so expressive. Francesca singing Beautiful Ghosts right after Hudson did Memories was a one two emotional punch that had me drying tears from my eyes. In counter point to this; Rebel and James were hysterical. As an old special effects geek I was amazed by the CGI, as well as; make up, costume, and sets. Cats is an instant classic!
A masterpiece which will undoubtedly become an enduring classic.When Miss Hudson reaches the climax of Memory with the electrifying "Touch me", she stands shoulder to shoulder with Paige and Buckley.And how nostalgic to finally see Dame Judi in Cats- you will all know that she was cast as the original Grizabella in the West End production but due to a freak accident was unable to perform.Stunning choreography makes the movie a joyous magical treat.
From start to finish I was just confused and felt ill, never will watch again
First 45 minutes were excruciating. Didnt know background so did not understand the storyline. Should have googled. Wanted to walk out. Glad we didnt as 2nd half tied movie together with songs by talentedJennifer Hudson & Taylor Swift. Wouldnt recommend even to those who enjoy musicals.
Slow to start. I've seen better musicals
Awful monstrosity with no plot.If you like this you are a sinister alien that has only ever heard of cats (the animal) or humans in invasion briefing
It seems most of the negative reviews are coming from people who didn't realize this show was a musical. If you've seen the stage show you know just what to expect. It actually doesn't deviate much from that. I think it was a great tribute to the original. The way the cats looked which was originally odd looking in the trailer turned out to look fine in the movie and was not distracting at all. I also don't understand those saying they are confused by what is going on. It seemed pretty clear to me. So if you are aware that this is a musical with much singing and dancing or if you've seen the stage version you'll enjoy this one too.
This is a Broadway musical.If you're one of those critics who thinks the sun shines out of the space between your cheeks, and you don't love Broadway, you won't like it.Me, I cried.It was beautiful, both the audio and the visual.
The best part of the movie? The exit door. This does win the award for being only the second movie Ive ever walked out of in my life, so theres that. 
If you like musicals, if you like cats, if you like Cats the Musical, if you like the all-star cast, go for it and don't heed the naysayers.
As lovers of the musical Cats know well, haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate. So if sitting alone in a theater belting out magical Mr. Mephistopheles is your jam, then this is indeed a very Merry Christmas.
I'm not a big fan of the show to begin with but there are a few numbers that I enjoy and the movie murdered them.Also Rebel Wilson and James Corden ruined every scene they were in.The only highlight was Jason Derulo I was hoping for a so bad it's good viewing like the Room but this was just boring.
I think the critics were absolutely horrendous in their review. Mom and I both loved it. Like i discussed previously with friends, remember that you are going to see an adaptation of a broadway musical. It is...a musical, the whole time, filled with an insane amount of talent. From the dancers, to performers, and musicians, everything was quite magical. The main character is in the royal ballet. The dancing was spectacular and the music...I mean Jennifer Hudson, among other, slayed. I think the critics just wished they had 5 percent of the talent the people had that performed
I'm rating this movie five stars because I'm afraid that if I don't Taylor Swift's grotesque skin demon will break into my house and harvest my organs.
Hats off the attempt, but making Cats into a mainstream movie was a handicap frim the start. Add to that a CGI uncanny valley effect, questionable casting for a Cats musical. You get a movie hopefully people will forget soon.
The second I saw the trailer I was like "did they think with their heads when they did it?" And I was super shocked when I saw who is acting... how did they say yes to this?!
The worst movie I ever saw!!! Ugly and really boring!! Its a waste of money...
I never got the chance to see CATS on Broadway, I'm glad I got the opportunity to see it in a new light. Hearing Jennifer Hudson sing always brings me to tears. He voice is breathtaking.
Loved Bombalurina. Liked the tail and ear movements. Overall thought it was well done for the movie setting. Dont get what all the bad hype is about.
This movie in my opinion is not getting the ratings it totally deserves. Cats was totally is awesome yes it was weird no doubt about it but for sure I would go and see it again. If you watched cats 1998 version you be familiar with the story line, songs and you will understand the weirdness. My sister and myself were dancing in our seats to our favourite songs. If you never watched cats 1998 I would suggest to watch it before you watch the new movie to fully understand the 2019 movie.
Nightmare-fuel like you've never seen. I've seen the Broadway version of Cats, so I already knew what to expect: Lots of fake fur. No plot whatsoever, just one Jellical Cat after another singing about itself hoping some mangy cat-god will take them away to begin a new life.That said, a million cats horking up a million hairballs couldn't do worse than this overturned litterbox of a film.Only some sort of starving avant-garde creature prancing down Broadway hoping to earn a spot on Project Runway could ever appreciate this stinky stray.
Big oof. As a huge musical fan, I was ready for anything. Or so I thought..... I'm still not sure what I witnessed. The music was good, but the singing felt off. The CGI just wasn't there. There was a scene where one of the cats did not have the CGI fur, another where you kept seeing flashes of the green screen. I was the only one in the theater, which was good, because I had to make audible sounds of disbelief. Maybe if you really really liked Cats on Broadway, you'd like it, but it was a miss for this Broadway fan.
I hate to jump on a bandwagon but this was one of the worst films I've ever seen. I genuinely cannot comprehend how something so universally terrible got a wide theatrical release. That being said it was one of the best moviegoing experiences of my life.
As goofy as the musical is, I actually enjoyed this.Yes, it's far fetched,but a good escape!
Acting was great, story line very very weak!!
aside from the horrendous CGI, this movie has amazing singing and dancing and pure joy for the whole family!
I would rather die and skin my grandma than watch that again....
the movie was spectacular and the costumes were beautiful.
Good dancing and performances, but the CGI of their feet really bothered me. I know that's nit picky but it was very distracting. It would have been so much better if they just had them in ballet shoes since we all knew going into it that it was a ballet!
What can I possibly say about the #catsmovie that hasn't already been said...It was bad. So bad that my insomnia was briefly cured but came back with a vengeance in anticipation of the night terrors I'm sure to experience. Do not see this movie. It IS as bad as you have heard.
Cats was everything I hoped for and more. The musical alone is one of the greatest pieces of art ever made in my opinion and I was preparing myself to be underwhelmed by the movie but was completely satisfied. The music was so well done. We get to hear the songs we all know and love with just the right amount of newness to keep it fresh. 10/10 would recommend!
DO NOT GO SEE THIS MOVIE. This was single handily the worst movie or whatever they want to call this disaster. Human like cats jump around and sing to ear wrenching music. Imagine taking a bunch of shrooms and then going to Hamilton the musical. No actually do that instead because I guarantee it would be more interesting than this piss poor movie. I wish I had spent the afternoon with Hillary Clinton enjoying a nice steak dinner at Waffle House. Then watching the sunset only for her to leave me stranded to die in Benghazi.
Honestly, once you get past the awful Snapchat Face-Swap CGI, then the beloved and fun dance and song you expect from a musical film really shines through! Those other hatred-filled reviews are truly a catastrophe. (All puns intended) LOL 
Loved this movie. Amazing cast! Loved the new spin on this story and the humor added in. Best rendition of Memories by Jennifer Hudson!
It was sooooooooo awkward! I love musical theatre, and I love movie musicals but this was just NOT it. I felt so weird watching the animation, the acting was bad. Jennifer Hudson was the only saving grace but it still wasn't enough. Don't waste your money!
The movie theater was full and the audience seemed to really enjoy the movie. The lead Actress, Francesca Hayward was fantastic. Taylor Swift was also fantastic. Audience favorites were Laurie Davidson, Idris Elba, James Cordon, Jason Derula, Ian McKellen. The new song, Beautiful Ghosts, is lovely and connects the story well and deserves to win the Golden Globe.Agree with critics that the last scene should have been cut and Grizabella needed aged make-up to complete the characterization.
Such a waste. The cast is filled with people who are not talented and just names.. Jennifer Hudson is one of the most annoying voices ever. And the rest of them are also trash.
I like it, if you like musical movie they a wonderful job
I wasn't expecting anything amazing as Cats is one of my all-time favorite shows but I was pleasantly surprised! Cats the movie was absolutely wonderful and Jennifer Hudson as Grizabella was flawless!
It was hilarious and entertaining. I know it has bad reviews from critics, but if you love musicals, you will love cats.
This movie was not very good and I felt that it was very boring. This movie repeated itself over and over again. 1 minute it was dialogue, and then the next it was music. It was nothing but music and singing. The story did not make any sense either. Taylor Swift was pointless in this movie as she was a sidekick to the villain in this movie, who was Idris Elba. It was one song, and then she just vanished. Ian McKellen only had one song aswell. Overall, this film is not good but you can go and see it if you want.
The actors/actress look so realistic playing the characters
that movie is just terrifying, who tf thought people/cat hybrids were a good idea? if u want cats for a movie f*cking animate them like they did for the lion king live action movie, i've showed the trailer of this movie to friends & they all agree this should be a horror film because its so stupid & creepy as f*ck
Was it a mess? Of course. Was it more fun than the other blockbuster that opened this weekend? Surprisingly yes.
I don't really get the poor reviews that I've seen, I wonder if it's to do with expectations; did they not realise that the film is sticking as close to Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice's staging and costuming as the director felt fit. I didn't really mind the CGI of the actors' faces, maybe it was thought that something like that would be demanded from today's audiences. or was it just that Taylor Swift and Idris Elba couldn't dance? But for me it was a minor thing and didn't interfere with my enjoyment at all. There were only 2 things that I'd have changed: someone should have got Jennifer Hudson some better crying eye drops, as her runny nose was off-putting, and Idris Elba as Macavity's fur could have done with being a tad longer as Idris Elba looked as if he had no clothes on, but no bits as it were . I would absolutely recommend this for Cats fans, if you're not familiar with the show then a little research will help enormously.
As a horror movie I'd recommend it. It felt like a fever dream durning a pandemic not knowing if I would survive or not. I was in the edge of my seat the whole time and couldn't look away.
I thought the acting was great but the story was weak.
If you went to see Cats on Broadway or elsewhere previous to the film, then you should go see this movie.You know more or less exactly what you are getting into.If you have no prior Cats experience then consider the following;Cats is not a story driven experience.It is a musical art piece highlighting different varieties of cat through song and dance.The story is more of an excuse to tie everything together and give reason for this.If you are going in expecting a Disney musical (rich story with a few good songs thrown in) then you are in for disappointment.If want to see a ballet with gorgeous music and song with a sprinkling of story, you will love Cats.What's Good:-Songs are true to the on-stage musical.You can sing along to almost every one of them (if you're watching this at home and not in the theater of course) -The one additional song created for the film fits right in with the rest and is beautiful.-Settings and atmosphere are enhanced with the film version.The "story" does not take place in a wide area, but we are able to be transported to different locales thanks to movie magic.-Since this is a film and not a stage performance, the actors cannot really effectively be interacting with the audience, and so a "main character" was introduced.This was done well, and may very well be the best of the dancers.Her ballet was top notch.What's Bad:-The CGI was a bit of a miss.You do get used to it after a while, however your first eye-full of the cat creatures in this film may be a bit jarring.-Almost all of the songs were true to the on-stage musical, both lyrically and musically.Except one.I don't know what they were thinking here, but there was one song whose lyrics were fine, but the music was completely different from the originating material and felt very off-putting.The song in question is about a couple of notorious cats.We'll leave it at that.-Rebel Wilson.She single-handedly brought this initial 4 star review to a 3 star review. The live performance of Cats is not meant to be a comedy, however it does have it's comedic moments.It seems as if Rebel's entire purpose in this film is to add slapstick American style comedy to make the film more palatable to the move-going public.Without spoiling exactly what happens, her offerings fall flat and are an extremely poor fit for this production.
Very emotional.Some great performances.
Excellent film, acting and singing were brilliant and fans of the musical will not be disappointed
Awesome rendition of Cats! Fun, musical, whimsical... and the singing was terrific!
Is that what you called a movie? What was that? I was fully aware that it was based fromm a screenplay, but the execution whatever it was about is awful! There is no story, which makes it so hard for me to believe in the characters from what i saw. IT was that bad that i left after only thirty minmutes into the movie, couldn't stand another minute of it. I'll go far to saying it is the worst movie of all time EVER, period. This is the film that makes trash films like Batman & Robin, The Room, and Jack & Jill masterpieces, films that did try telling stories. What went wrong along with it's non narrative structure, the cgi as we know we know were awful, the singing is constanly over the place and i totally despised the way the characters portayed by James Cordon and Rebel Wilson were treated. And about James Cordon, who's idea was it to make him look like Cat In the Hat on drugs?!It was really a terrible experiences for me to witness, it was pure trash and not suprised if more people walk out of screenings for the mess it really is. It is a movie that should never of a existed and stay as a stage play, it is another example of Hollywood milking more products from other mediums just to earn more money, well it's not going to happen with this film.I'll say again it is the WORST MOVIE EVER MADE! If you are still intrested in watching this film, my advice is and will always be PLEASE DON'T!half a star, awful!!!
My daughter and I sadly were unable to go and lost our money cause we didnt cancel in time. I would give it a 5
Excellent. An uplifting experience.
Its terribly creepy. Could have gone full cgi and not made them look human like, i was very uneasy. Also at times the cgi was glitchy.
We really enjoyed Cats. I don't know what the critics wanted to see but it was full of song, well acted, magical, and fun to watch.It is not bad at all.
This movie is faithful to the musical - though adding a little more plot - as well as to the spirit of T S Elliots poems on which the musical was based (even though he likely would not have approved of his poems being used this way). But it is the child-like fascination with the mystery of cats that inspired Elliot that also comes through in the movie. I have never been so astounded by the snide, cynical and herd-like rallying of critics into a camp of curmudgeons to roundly condemn this movie as troubled, misconceived and third-rate. Which leads me to wonder what exactly is the point of their existence. Thanks
Well fist I am an avid cat lover, also I have seen the Broadway Musical several times. This is a musical put to a movie so don't have expectations that this will be like the Broadway show. They have much more freedom in the movie as to sets, costumes, and CGI. The director took some freedoms to put his own little spin on the story. Not that what he did was bad it was different and added a new perspective to the story. The choreography was truly awe inspiring, most of the actors picked I thought did a amazing, there were a couple I would have chosen differently, thats my opinion. You make your own decisions. I would suggest go with an open mind, if you have seen the musical give it a chance. You will be transported back to the alley that you remember, and those lovely characters of cats personalities will fill the screen. I thought the movie was done very well. I would recommend it to anyone who understands cats. Remember cats are not dogs
Incredible score, incredible cast, and I enjoyed the cats, despite any weird visual effects people are crying over.I really enjoyed this so much I'm going again
A little overdone but entertaining. Good movie for a rainy day.
As a cat lover, I hate this movie even more!
First thing...Please don't listen to the critics on this one!!I almost didn't go because of their overly critical statements and am SO glad I didn't pay attention to their words.I was overly familiar with the music from CATS but had never actually seen the stage production and was so pleasantly surprised at every aspect of the film.The acting was superb and the singing, indescribable how emotional it was.Perfectly cast, and Francesca Hayward just ignited the screen with her tender beauty along with Jennifer Hudson with her powerhouse vocals and THE most emotional version of "Memory" I've ever heard.Shout out to Taylor Swift not only with her acting but her song, "Beautiful Ghosts", Breathtaking!Again, do NOT pay attention to any negative press on this one, it's awesome! (unless perhaps you hate musicals).
Um I should have been buzzed.
terrible. boring. fell asleep twice.
I loved It! I was particularly impressed with the performances by Robert Fairchild and Francesca Hayward and I applaud the inclusion of actual stage actors and dancers. The depth of character that Robert gives is inspiring, I couldn't take my eyes off of him whenever he was on screen.Francesca gives a beautiful and haunting performance and her song is lovely.I was left wanting more!
I saw an industry screening of Cats. I was never a Cats hater. I saw the show in London when I was young and liked it and the movie. However, the director made two big mistakes in translating the show to the screen. First, he never opens it up beyond its stage setting. Unlike the movie version of Chicago, which found a way to ground the songs and story, Hooper has basically shot the stage show. But seeing people dressed like cars on stage, which makes sense theatrically, does not have the same effect when put on film. We expect something more. We should see into the cats real lives rather than just seeing them sing and dance about it. And the second big mistake is using the digital fur technology, which is simply unnerving. Costumes and makeup would at least be organic, but these weird kitty hybrids are just unnerving. Why he didnt just animate the movie is beyond reason. Most other things done work either. 
I loved it.It was better than the play.Jennifer Hudson did a great rendition of Memories.
The movie was so confusing and all over the place.Going in with that mindset and embraced the train wreck and ended up enjoying the show. It was fun and enjoyable. Don't try to decipher the story line or the weird cockroaches. It all just adds to the fun
It was ok. Not as good as on Broadway. Just like they say the book is always better. I feel like they added a couple songs and then they made a male character a female. No need to change the greats that people love. I was a little disappointed. Jennifer Hudson was good, and so was the lead, who played Victoria. Taylor Swift was ok. I thought shed have had a bigger part though.
the movie overall was bad, i understand it's based of a musical but for half the movie there was no storyline . I was bored for most of the movie and just wanted it to end . although the movie was bad in my opinion some of the songs were greatly sang but most of them just didn't have a meaning when put together with the acting. Wouldnt recommend i was very disappointed. Go see star wars instead lol
The Movie stayed true to the Musical and is a delight for true Musical lovers.
This is a must see for any theatre, ballet, musical theatre buffs!! The opening scenes are not has cohesive as the later scenes as the musical numbers begin to bring the story to life. AMAZING PERFORMANCES by all! Francesca Hayward is spellbinding.
Boring. No real plot that was easy to follow.
This is a case where you need to see a film and not rely on the reviews.I liked the film.I know the music, but had not seen a production.The choreography is stunning and worth the ticket.Rebel Wilson and James Corden are great comic relief, and Judi Dench deserveshazzard pay for sitting atop the lion statue!It's probably not going to be a classic, but I found it certainly better than many of the reviews have said.
The movie was horrible I went to sleep after the first 7 minutes
I saw the play however, did not read the book (Old Possum's Tail of Practical Cats).In the movie you understand the plot, where you don't with the play, if you haven't read the book.If you like the music of this play, enjoy dancing, and like the costumes, you will like it.If you don't, you won't.
Broadway shows never seem to make great movies, however I enjoyed the movie! The music and singing was fabulous and it was a great way to spend a rainy afternoon!
The movie was well done.It seemed to start a little slow, but the music and plot improved throughout the show.
Fairly true to the original stage production but actually not as good-less dancing,less individual song and cat personality so it gets kind of monotonous.The most impressive part is the cat costuming and make up!
I LOVED IT . It was very true to the musical! Taylor Swift slayed! Music and choreo was great.
I loved it in every way. Taylor Swift was my favorite performance and it was just like the musical but with more of a plot line!
The setting was different that the Broadway play but they kept the same dialogue. If you like the theater you will enjoy this movie. The director kept a certain amount of theatrics about the movie. Its the same yet different than the play. If you go see the movie dont expect for it to be the same as the Broadway play. If you do this you will enjoy the movie for what it is.
Such a beautiful musical with spectacular actors!
Acting and singing was wonderfully done but the cats were just awkward. It would have been easier to leave them in costumes instead of the computer animation because their movements were not natural.
We went into this skeptically, but we both were thoroughly convinced that we must see it again, and we must own a streaming copy of it as soon as it is available.I followed this story development better than the stage version we had seen years ago in Baltimore.No one does sets, costumes, chorus and acting combinations better than the British.Bravo!
After getting used to the strange CGI it was actually a fun movie! Great singing performances and amazing dance numbers. While not perfect, if you were a fan of the original musical I think you will enjoy with this adaption.
This was a beautiful adaptation that stayed true to the magic of the stage production while still adding enough plot to bring it from the choreographed opera based on a book of poems that it started as into the true musical it was always meant to be. I feel like I knew each of these cats, the way they were brought to life.
I loved the music I am still humming! The costumes were incredible!
I totally enjoyed this movie musical. I was so impressed how they were able to keep the cat like movements thou the entire movie. I have never seen the production on the stage so I had nothing to contaminate my imagination of the idea of the movie. You can never compare stage and movie.I loved the movie and would go see it again.
Some of the dancing was great and the costumes. Slow start and some hard to understand.
A little slow getting started, but it laid the foundation for the rest of the movie, which only got better as the movie progressed.Jennifer Hudson deserves an Academy Award for her role, which was extremely moving and intense.James Corden and Rebel Wilson were hysterical.The primary cast was a mix of talented people from now and then, to create a chemistry which was flawless, The movie also added a interesting dimension by combining ballet and hip-hop superstars.Highly recommended for those who enjoy musicals.
Absolutely the best parts taken from the real musical. Funny and magical and we loved it
I didn't think it would be good, but man was that ever a stinker.GF owes me big for dragging me to that debacle.But I'll even it out...I'm taking her to Rise of Skywalker.
Met our expectations. Loved listening to Jennifer Hudsons dramatic performance.The Royal Ballet dancer was wonderful. NYCB Fairchild makes a fun entry.I liked the theater version and so had no expectations of a Dickens like plot, just a Dickens like setting. Go see it for the cat movements not the plot. The critics furor made this a must see for me.
Jennifer Hudson is the only positive thing I can think of saying about this movie. CGI was tough to sit through.What a misuse of Idris and Judi's talents.
Poorly executed, although it had all the star power it wasn't able to get a good story out of it
Worst movie Ive ever seen. I actually wouldve rather watched a community theatre version of the play than this.
Visually it was very appealing. The costumes and set was fantastic. Overall great movie.
The performances by Dench, Swift , Jennifer. Loved Victorias! Loved the music, choreography and special effects!
Cats 2019 is like being on LSD at the dentist. A rollercoaster ride for sure, but very uncomfortable, and somewhat painful.
Had about as much of a sturdy plot as the actual musical itself. As a musical fan, however, I had to give it a chance. Let's just say, I've been left all alone with a memory I'm not all that fond of (spoiler alert, that's the only relatable thing about this movie)
This film is just as you expect it to be... awful. It is so awful, seeing any positive reviews from other audience critics makes me question the authenticity of their account. Easily one of the worst musicals ever. 
I first saw Cats on Broadway and I have to say this was just a exciting and the costumes were incredible!
Music was great. Plot was a little slow but finally got into a good movie.
The tap number was the only good thing about that movie
As in the original book, the characters are introduced and described as unique personalities. There is a simple, easy-to-understand storyline. The CGI enhances rather than overshadows the characters. Vivid sets, clear lyrics, great dancing and a touching story make this a great film. See it soon!
It was very cool to see a different Perspective from the live performance
My girlfriend fell asleep 10 minutes in. I sat thru the next 90 in agony. Enough said
Started a little slow in the first like 10 minutes - 15 minutes! But Ive seen the play/ musical and I thought it was well done.
It's really sad how all these reviews are jumping on the trendy hate bandwagon of this great, fun movie. If you are a fan of musicals or the original play, you will find great joy and enjoyment in the film. All these reviews focus on the same points as negatives and don't understand the joy/message of the film. Every complaint seems like insults written to be edgy and cool, not actual critiques of the film. This movie will find a whole audience years after it was destroyed by vitriolic critics with a pointless vendetta. It reminds me of The Wiz in that aspect. If you go the movie without the idea you'll hate it and stop trying to convince yourself it's so terrible to seem cool; you will have a great time if you love corny, over the top, strange musicals. The cgi in the movie is nowhere near as terrible as this reviewer is trying to convince you, the set design is incredible, wonderful dancing, pretty good acting (Rebel Wilson and Jason derulo should have not been cast in the movie) and a touching message of acceptance. Frankie Hayward and Robbie Fairchild really shine with great charisma/talent. The choreography is phenomenal as well. This is a great gem of a film that brought me a lot of joy, I'm in the minority who is very happy it was made.
I was so looking forward to this movie but was disappointed. The special effects took away and were distracting from the movie and performances. 2 thumbs down.
Fabulous sets, costume design, extremely entertaining!
I actually had cat themes nightmares.
Non stop singing.Many words were difficult to understand.Left in 30 min.
Costumes singing story actors everything
There was too much CGI and the storyline wasnt clear. I wouldnt even watch this on DVD.
Excellent adaptation of a broadway musical! The cast was phenominal!
Loved the movie from beginning to end. Would see again. Forget the critics and go and enjoy the movie. 
Awful move - actually left 30 minutes into the show.We never saw the Broadway play, maybe thats why ??
I couldnt hear most of the words cause the background music was so loud.
Great talent very boring. Same ferns color tone throughout the whole movie. We left after an hour into it
Jesus christ, how the hell was this even made. I just do not know.
The costumes were magnificent.Thats the only good thing I have to say.Well, the singing and dancing were good but the whole film seemed muddled.I was disappointed because I loved the play.
Awesome, done very well on film versus stage production
Brilliantly entertaining
First, I Loved the play. While the costumes in the film are incredible and Oscar worthy, the film was just Meh. The magic was missing completely. 
Don't believe the consensus of reviews of this film. If you enjoyed Cats the musical you will probably enjoy this film. I lived it and so did my 10 year old who knows only some of the music. It is faithful to the music of the original, shares much of the plot and has the same sense of wonder and enjoyment. Taylor Swift's song - Macavity - is excellent, Ideis Elva makes a frightening Macavity, the main characters are well played, the dancing is beautiful, and Jennifer Hudson's high notes for the end of Memory are wonderful. What a treat of a film!
I enjoyed the film.Loved the emotions in many of the songs.But Rebel Wilson was a train wreck.Should not have been in this film.
Awful. Never to be watched again
A fan of Cats, I simply walked into theaters with an open, clear mind and no expectations. I was blown away! I got a fun visual trip that I plan on rewatching some day. Why wait?
Don't listen to the critics they literally like no film.
Dance, music, costumes
Terrible as can be. Probably the worst movie Ive ever seen.
Absolutely brilliant.Cats the musical beautifully transferred to the silver screen.It was the movie I had hoped for.
Pretty bad. Except for a couple of occasions, the singing was pretty bad also.
I enjoyed the movie. The music was great and replicated the musical. It took some time tomget used to the way the characters looked but it grows on you. I loved the way the movie starts off just like the musical. Hudson killed the "memory" song too. I couldn't help but to think of the tragedy she went through while she was singing. If you like the musical, you like the movie. Must see.
The CGI took away from the talent... it didnt make sense to use it so much. I did enjoy the singing but overall, there were more dislikes than likes. I was disappointed
a lot of cringe and nothing really interesting about it
Brilliant! Anyone who loved the theatre show will definitely love the movie!
Fuck this movie, just, let it burn in hell where it belongs...I got nothin else, I made a more extensive review the first time but the sit wouldnt let me post it, so Im keeping it short, if I could give it a zero I would, avoid this movie like the plague.
Just why why.It is horrible. Shocked this got the green light.
Ok. So this was one of the strangest thing I've seen in a long time, however when you get over the strange cat/human mix, the music and the dancing wow wow wow and the acting was the best I've seen in a while with Ian Macallan and Francesca Hayward as outstanding especially Francesca Hayward as she is a professional ballerina not an actor, but something tells me she will be in other roles after this. I do feel this will be somewhat of a Marmite film you will love it or you walk out halfway through it. My opinion is that you give it a chance to the end.
I was sort of wondering why actor faces pasted on monkeys were eating cockroaches, then I just gave up and resigned to my fate.
It's fantastic.Few characters could have used some tweaking. And anyone who disses it doesn't have the capacity to appreciate the masterpiece it is.
This movie just looks bad and disturbing
Long and boring. The best part was the makeup
Boring, don't waste your time or money. You're better off staying home and watching your pet cats.
I can't decide if my least favorite part was Idris Elba's cat body or the human feet.
 yes! Fivestars! This is not a joke. a musical based on a mildly surrealist 20th century epic poem about the cats is obviously going to be strange. Enjoy the ride. Life is strange. this movie is amazing. It is a powerful and bizarre. if you were ever an outcast, or suffered imposter syndrome, or didn't know how to proceed in the world, then this musical is for you, and about you.
Costumes, music, and dancing performance was superior. All star cast was excellent. An absolute must see. I found myself humming the music the rest of the evening.
The choreo and the music was great, but the way people were animated was strange. If one can look past that though, it was pretty good.
Terrible movie. Songs are ridiculous, no harmony, not real singers... just terrible. Dont even waste your time! Please dont do it.
I was so bored I literally couldn't sit still. Usually musicals have at least a good song or two, but this was painfully horrible. I sat on a bench outside the movie and ordered stuff I needed online while I let my bf finish the movie. 
Dancing and singing is beyond high expectations. Costumes are amazing and believable after 30 min
People say it is a masterpiece (ironically). Others say it is the worst thing ever. I say it's enjoyable. The amount of contrasting elements makes it so hard to describe. The character designs are both interesting and disturbing. The same can be said about the acting and choreography. I don't believe I'm qualified to say whether any of it is bad or good. But I can say which specific parts I liked and disliked.For the most part, the musical numbers I liked. My favorites remain the same with Skimbleshanks and Mr. Mistoffelees. The modernizing elements I disliked (e.g., Jason Derulo's rendition of The Rum Tum Tugger). The intermittent comedic elements I disliked (e.g., Rebel Wilson or Jennyanydots making some stupid meta commentary, James Corden or Bustopher Jones landing on his crotch, some dumb cat puns). As for the rest, it just baffled me, but in an entertaining way.All in all, considering all the effort put in, this movie strikes a fantastic middle between horrible and wonderful.
Boring story line. Didnt know it would be like a musical on big screen . Hallmark channel would have sufficed. People walked out and fell asleep Slot of star power but not good enough for this terrible movie
Was honestly so hard to get into and just did not find myself enjoying or singing along to it as the musical did, I'm very impressed with the big name actors commitment to the movie but I would honestly not recommend seeing cats, unless you're willing to give up a total of 2 hours
This movie was an absolute train wreck. Everyone should see it. Five Stars
I loved it! Loved all of the performances.
This pitiful attempt at cinema has been a frightful glimpse into the worst of man's imagination. I have retroactively lost respect for Gandalf after seeing him debased in this animalistic, lustful, smut. See this movie if you want to know the feeling of being just about to vomit for almost two hours straight.
It was the worst movie ever. My boyfriend and I had the best sleep we had in a long time. Too much singing and not enough talking. We did not even know what it was about.
I have no complaints. The people that are pooping on it are just afraid to admit tgeyblike musicals. I just watched it right now, it made me laugh at times and cry at others. I felt for the characters. It was extremely good and I was TRYING to nitpick and find the flaws all these people were talking about but I couldn't see what they saw. I'm not a famous person or a cultured person, I am a normal woman that happens to like musicals and chose to watch it on my birthday. I don't think any of the people that made the movie will read this but whatever everyone else is saying don't listen. I truly loved it and thank you for bringing this movie to life
What the heck was this movie about?
It's as bad as you expect it to be...
Loved the music & dancing
This movie was utter garbage. The cgi and animation itself was disturbing to view and throughout the entire movie I didnt understand a single bit of the plot. This movie was a complete catastrophe (pun very much intended) and I do not recommend anyone to watch it. 
I bloody loved CATS!!! How much? Sir Ian McKellen stole the show as Gus I've never played the Egyptian before!" the Theatre Cat, aided and abetted by Dame Judi of Dench as a cross between the Cowardly Lion from Oz and Diana Ross in her "Chain Reaction" video... I have a smile from ear to ear... Musical Theatre catnip!
will never get over how weird the cat humans look.. hard to understand anything that's happening since everything is told through song. amazing performances but it was just too weird for me.. CGI was off too because you could see their feet floating above the ground at times
Thought it was well done. Wish there were more talking. But well done!
I've not seen the musical so it was all fresh to me.The fur and ears moving was so awesome! And the dance movements and cat like movement was beautiful.The lead cat victoria played by the ballerina Francesca Hayward is fantastic! And the new song by Webber and Swift is precious. Jennifer Hudson is spectacular!If you love musicals, this is a good one!
I've never seen the Broadway play but I was a high school theatre arts nerd and a cat mom of two. I genuinely loved this film. It was funny, it was sweet. It was a feel good movie for me and my boyfriend.
Beautiful costumes! Spectacular music and choreography!
The only praise this movie deserves is that some of the characters are kind of relatable, because by the end, I was also begging to die.
Ignore the critics - they're apparently competing for snark. We thoroughly enjoyed the movie - cast and additional storylines, even Taylor Swift additional song. Stage shows are different than movies, the pros should know that. No excuses needed, go see the movie and enjoy!!!
Soo disappointed in this. Im a great lover of musicals and the actors were great but the whole thing just was, dare u say it, boring.
It was brilliantly cast and beautifully staged. Too many brilliant performances to recite them all, but Jennifer Hudson showcased her musical and acting talents exquisitely. Thus film gem is a must for the big screen.
If you love theater you will love Cats.Loved the choreography!!!
It was weird & cringey. Dont take your kids either. I had to walk out.
#haiku #MovieReviewthe only reason |Cats deserves even 1 star |Memory - that's it
Loved it.....Victoria was especially good!
I am now rooting for global warming.
The movie was not for me.
It differs from the stage version but everyone could act and dance and sing.I came in with an open mind and thoroughly enjoyed myself.
It was really just okay. The only real standout was Dame Judy's performance.. While the effects were stunning, I would have preferred the characters not be digitally animated. It was creepily distracting.
I thought it was quite well acted. Sometimes the music gets a little slow, but overall, it was great. The costumes were very clever. Loved how the ears and tails twitched. Judi Densch was great as were all the other stars. Very entertaining.
I couldn't sleep for two days because of what I witnessed.
It's so bad. Don't waste your money. Don't waste your time. Even if you work at a theater and can get in for free, don't watch it. Couldn't even get through 20 minutes of that trash.
I went into this expecting the worst, having only heard of Cats from the awfully received trailers and the resulting memes online. I ended up being quite surprised, in that I actually really enjoyed this movie. The choreography and music is excellent, the actors clearly gave it their all, and the backgrounds and fur textures are very nice. The biggest problem is the way the CGI is applied to the faces and hands of the cats. Those are furless and human, while the rest of the cats have fur, and it really creates an uncanny valley effect. I spent the first twenty minutes with my eyes mostly closed to not have to see the horror unfolding on-screen, but eventually managed to get somewhat used to everyone looking like that. It looked alright on crowd shots, but once it zoomed in for close ups it kept jarring me back into feeling uneasy. I didn't really notice much to complain about as to sexual content or the plot like other reviewers did. The one thing I couldn't get used to was the terrifying mice and roaches with baby faces, which is where this movie lost the most points with me. I'm going to have nightmares the rest of 2019 from them probably. Overall I'd recommend Cats as a "so bad its good" film, but some scenes will scar you for life.
The worst movie that I have ever seen. Dont blame me when you decide to waste your money on this movie. That 10 dollars you might need for something else other than watching cats do majestic dances and sing like toddlers.
Do you hate yourself? Do you despise existence? Do you love suffering for no particular reason? Do you like taylor swift? Then this movie is perfect for you!
If you like musicals, and the most talented dancers ( Robbie Fairchild is amazing) and singers, it is a must see!! I dont get what all the criticism is about!! I loved it!!
Ruined my Saturday date night!It simply made no sense and was very disappointing!
Everything great about the musical is replaced with crappy CGI, meh choreography, unnecessary exposition, and lacklustre singing performances.
Tangerine was the first movie shot on iPhone, Cats is apparently the first movie filmed using Snapchats FaceSwap filter. Its terrifying to watch at times but go with the right people and you will have a ball. It really is so bad its good. This movie isnt middle of the road bad, its derailed train carrying orphans and nuns with no survivors bad. Its just so enjoyable though.
The movie was so disappointing!It is all singing which makes the story line difficult to follow.I wanted to leave it was so bad.I am not sure what the director was thinking.Could have been a great movie but it missed the mark.
Costumes & make-up, perfect! Beautiful voices singing wonderful songs. The choreography was spot on! Visually exciting & just a ton of fun!
I am one of many who adored the musical on Broadway. I went with my mom who HATED the Broadway show. We both adored this movie. Yes you can see the computerization but what did you expect to give them the cat features like ears going back, synchronized tail twitches,and fur puffing when danger comes near. The dancing was amazing and a true testimony to the flexibility of the human body and the singing is on point. I LOVED the cat Taylor Swift played. It was wonderful to see both amazing acting talent and singing talent collaborate on such a classic story. I will own asap both the soundtrack and the movie!!!
Not nearly as bad as critics are saying. It intended to be good and there were a few sensational pieces. The lead actress in her debut was mesmerizing and Jennifer Hudsons finale was amazing. I dont really care for musicals but I took my wife and daughters and they enjoyed it so then so did I. 
What a waste of our time and money.What a torture. We could only manage to stand it for 30 min before we have to leave the theater.
song were hit or miss. could of did without Jason Darulo. Also the costume and make up design was amazing!
I usually love musicals.Greatest Showman, Mamma Mia, etc.This show was Ruff (no pun intended).We actually walked out after about 1 hour.It was just a mess.I would have given it zero stars but it deserved at least one star for the costumes.They were interesting.
Taylor Swift looked better on the awards show.I would give the movie a one meow. Its a dog.Ok Its a cat.You get the idea.
Sensacional! Voltaria a assistir um bilho de vezes!
It was okay. only reasonto give it 3 stars is because of the costumes. Once was more than enough.
Kino at its finest. Bravo, Cooper.
Cats, their a Cult and looking for a Sacrifice!!So not like the Stage production, new songs, original songs Changed. Missing songs. Wow just wow.
The music and choreography were good and visually it was very well tarnished but its a very odd & sometimes awkward experience to watch anthropomorphic people acting in the matter they do. So bottom line I enjoyed it but its not going to be to everyones taste....may be even only for a very small percentage of the general audience that regularly go to the movies 
This was a great movie!Jennifer Hudson was wonderful!!
Well I do love music and dancing so musically and dance wise it was good, but honestly I dont know I never saw the play but it was not what I expected so overall for me it was not great. It was just ok. FYI I fell asleep to the music lol.
I really wanted to love it and didn't let the reviews discourage me. I'll say this, Jennifer Hudson's performance alone is probably worth it, but overall it was (unfortunately) as boring as the critics promised. I'm not saying don't watch it, it you love singing and dancing, you might still enjoy it, just don't expect much of a plot and be sure to drink lots of espresso before so you don't fall asleep. (This review is solely about the pace of the movie, the individual performances were really good and it's clear how much work was put into it)
WOW this movie was beautiful...dont listen to the critic reviews . I go to the movies a lot and this is my 1st review felt like I had spread the word that this is a gem.
Don't bother seeing this movie if you don't already understand the story because it will not slow down for you.The horror of the CGI cat faces wore off for me around the half hour mark, though I could never get over their very human hands and feet. Despite that, there is a lot to enjoy in this movie. The cast really gives it their all with what they were given, Hudson's performance was particularly memorable. The backgrounds and vibrant color lend a fun, naughty feeling to the whole experience.Overall, if you're a musical fan and think you can tolerate the uncanny-valley this is a relatively enjoyable way to pass your time.
worst movie ever. who wants to watch a movie about a stupid cat
The movie is not the best and not the worst musical I have seen. I heard about the reviews and wanted to see for myself and it is not bad like the reviews said but its not amazing like Dreamgirls, Chicago, or Ray either. First, its the only musical I know that is only animals acting like humans which already makes it complicated to transfer to a movie and I think the CGI for transforming the actors into cats was really good. They did look like cats. Second, if you dont like the story or the fact that 98% of the dialogue is sung to music, then you will hate the play too. The movie stuck pretty close to the play and added comedic elements and background scenery that made it better. But the CGI was off. At times they were way to small compared to the outside buildings or inside furniture the proportions of their size made it off. And when you use actors that arent singers to sing their dialogue thats just what you get. Its the same criticisms of Meryl Streep from Into the Woods and Russell Crowe in Les Mis. Overall I enjoyed the music, I appreciated the acting. Could you wait and see it at home on cable, maybe. But if you like musicals and enjoyed Cats then you will appreciate this version.
This movie was visually displeasing and the dialogue was just one long riddle.
Thoroughly enjoyed.If you enjoyed the play you'll most likely enjoy the movie.Great visualization and vocals,
Best film of the weekend
Ive seen the show several times in Houston and in New York City, love the movie of the show, this was a major big letdown
4 of us went and we all loved it, 2 of us even cried at the end. Costumes were fantastic and the dancers and singers were very talented. Pure delight to watch. Only thing difficult sometimes was understanding what they were saying because of the British accents and slang.
I found the movie to be engaging, the characters jumped off the screen and thoroughly entertained. A fantastic adaptation of the musical Cats.
it was wonderful the acting and the singing.
This was the worst musical I have EVER SEEN! The movie is really ugly and boring. The story is bad too. There was no reason to make this movie AT ALL! Why make it a movie full of BAD CGI? It would have been a bit watchable if they used costumes. It's a complete waste of time and money.
Solid performances throughout, but it really helps the experience if you are familiar with the story beforehand. I've seen the stage performance a number of times and will continue to go.
I know this is getting a lot of bad review, but I really enjoyed Cats. This is such a wildly imaginative movie in both story and appearance.In order to help explain the plot, it helps to look at this film's origins. At first, there were a bunch of poems about cats written by T.S. Elliott in the 1930s. Then came the crazy idea to turn them into songs for an eighties musical. It really didn't have any spoken words. A loose story was added to tie the songs together. Now we've got a film trying to to sell this loose concept to a general audience. I don't think it did too bad a job.The movie takes the basic musical and adds some dialogue and a little more to flesh things out. The story is this: a bunch of cats compete in order to win the honor of cat reincarnation. The story still isn't big; a lot of this is just the contestants introducing themselves through song. (You can go through multiple numbers without dialogue.) Still, I feel it works well enough. Don't get me wrong, the whole thing is kind of nuts. We've got a whole bunch of humanoid felines doing a bunch of random stuff. (Also, some of them are magic apparently.) But that's what I like about this. It's basically creative pageantry that is just trying to have fun. (Although, there is this really dark turn in the Jenny Anydots song, which wasn't in the previous works. It left a bad taste.)Director Tom Hooper really tried to keep the highlights of the musical: the songs and the dancing. A lot of musical movie adaptations have to cut stuff for time, but this one is surprisingly intact. The movie manages to keep all but one song I believe. Fans of the original be prepared that they change up the lyrics or musical tempo or style for some of the numbers. (I think the movie was trying to update these to appeal to the mainstream.) Personally, I didn't find any of the changes too outrageous.As for the songs, well Memory, which the musical is best known for, is an excellent piece. The other numbers, though... Well, these contain thirties lyrics and peculiar feel to a lot of them. I think the songs are decent, but they don't compete with a bunch of other musicals. They're a bit of a selective taste. The new song Beautiful Ghosts (the one they usually create for films in order to get a best original song Oscar nomination) is okay. The lyrics are very poetic, but the music can't live up to them.One of the things I like best about this is that it brings back what is missing in a lot of modern musicals: the extended dance sections. The choreography is really good the cinematography does a fluid job of displaying the action. There is a real distinctiveness to people dancing like cats.This movie is eye-candy personified. All the sets are huge, dreamlike, and colorful in a dark neon sort of way (as confusing as that sounds.) There are these big fantastic-looking set pieces and so many of them.The cats are created using computer graphics on mo-cap actors. The people-cats are definitely distinctive looking. The animation for the faces never quite feel natural, but it I didn't find it to be a deal breaker either.For a movie where people act like cats, I'm impressed that almost the entire cast really committed to this. Idris Elba seems to be having a hell of a time eating up the scenery. It's rather fascinating seeing how veteran actors Judi Dench and Ian McKellan take such goofy actions as rubbing heads together or scratching themselves so seriously. McKellan puts so much work into his character's mannerisms that I think this is one of his best roles. The lead Francesca Haywood, a ballerina, does a fine job as the newbie to the group.Remember when I said "almost?" Well, Rebel Wilson as Jennyanydots is the only actor who doesn't feel like they're trying to play a character. She's just doing Rebel Wilson stuff and throwing jokes. The character Jennyanydots as she plays her doesn't really match the character as described in her introductory song.This movie, especially the songs may not be for everyone. It's kinda artsy, but I found this to be a truly unique and creative ride. I say give it a shot.
Took my 10 yr old nice she also seen the original stage play she loved both,also I seen both sure not like the stage but she and I liked this movie. I think people were not into the life of stray cats .they need to pay more attention to the outside cats.
Terrifying CGI aside the story simply isnt anywhere near as good as the one from the play and is just overall generic and boring. The script clearly expected the CGI to be the star of the show here but it is so awful that I was really just bored.
Absolutely loved it,I though it was a fresh and imaginative take on a beloved musical.
Worst thing I ever seen!
It was too long and just boring and dull..
so far removed from the original disappointing
Worst musical I've ever seen
MY EYES! MY EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEESSSSSSSSSSSSS!
First look for verified reviews,people who have a actually seen the movie and not just being haters!Entertaining and fun! Saw this with my granddaughter and we both loved it! Victoria the new cat is a great addition. T-Swift does a great job, as does Rebel and the other cameos. Yes, it is just like the play a collection of song and dance without a lot of dialogue, but that's part of the magic. If I had any complaints it would be the same as the musical itself and that is it a has a moment in the middle where it is not as funny and upbeat, but its still magical. I would see it again! Meow!
Complete shit.Unwatchable.
I enjoyed it but musicals aren't for everyone. Taylor Swift was amazing and of course Jennifer Hudson's voice. Edris Alba is one sexy cat. The story is tough to understand but after I read about it, it makes sense. It's about cats so it's not corny like dogs.
the music and dancing was awesome
Everything was beautiful but I think they watered it down to make it child friendly
Great harmony.Good acting. Not sure about the story of cats.
Watching Robbie Fairchild and Francesca Hayward is worth the price of admission. Not as good as the stage version, but still enjoyable. Wonderful costumes and makeup. One big disappointment...the highlight of the stage version was the spectacular solo dance number fromMr. Mustoffelees. I guess the actor playing that role was not at the Robbie Fairchild level of dancer since the amazing solo dance was omitted. 
The movie does a good job of wrapping up the Skywalker Saga. It is lacking in some places but is an over all good movie
Who in their right mind would make a movie that was a joke on Broadway for tourists from Nebraska. The best thing is they have a rabies outbreak and go zombie.
It'll look great in post.
The plot was lousy and stupid
A beautiful movie with wonderful music and creative dancing.
This is amazing I love cats!!!
Why? Who decided this was a good idea? So many questions.
A ton of CGI, but a great version of Cats. Very fun seeing so many stars dressed as Cats.
The CG was incredible.The costumes amazing.I already want to go back to see it again.
Loved it!Great effects, great singing, great cast
Was boring could not follow plot and made me want to drink bleach next time need a lot of drugs
The most atrocious, annoying, awful movie I have ever forced myself to sit through. The songs are awful, the predictable physical comedy was anything but. Everyone associated with this movie should be utterly ashamed.
Jennifer Hudson's rendition of Memories was the only highlight of a rather disappointing production. Was there a plot? I didn't see it. Save yourself - go see something else.
Not perfect, but no way as bad as all the critics make out. Jennifer Hudsons rendition of signature song Memory is more than oscar-worthy.
Fabulous choreography.Amazing special effects. Great voices. Wonderful set design and cinematography
I saw the play in New York years ago.I thought the costumes plus the stage designed was amazing.I had heard the movie was bad, but still wanted to see. Hated it.The stage characters were much better than any of the celebrity actors.The costumes were not that great and the set design appeared dark and dingy. You can go online and see the stage characters perform.There is no comparison.I will tell my friends not to bother, just wasted time.
If you havent seen the musical live, you wont know whats going on. For having seen this show live twice and now the movie, I thought it was a WONDERFUL production. Cant wait to see it again!
Not worth the money!
I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Hard to even give it a 2.There were some very entertaining parts.Mostly though. Not so much.Expected much more
Can I even give it less then half a star it was horrible and we left 46 min in so badd
Whaaaaaat....did I just watch!!?
I've been a fan of the musical for many years. When the previews initially dropped I thought it the movie look like crap. I was really upset and did not want to have anything to do with it. I want to see it just because my friend wanted to go today and I absolutely ended up loving it. I don't understand why it's got such a low score on Rotten Tomatoes but if I had listened to them every time they had rated a movie poorly, I would have missed out on some of my favorites. That's why I don't like strangers tell me what I should or shouldn't like.
Saw on Broadway years ago. Enjoyed the music and dancing was amazing
Le HDe la bonjour!HDUISDBSHSHSHHSUBWHXBHXBSUBABSJBSJAHBJASK
The beginning of this movie was very slow and somewhat confusing.My husband and I give it four stars instead of five because of the confusion. Jennifer Hudson actually put a real kick in the movie and saved it. The comedic rolls were perfectly positioned and played out nicelyby the actors.. once the movie got going, the storyline was beautiful, and left my husband and I both rather teary-eyed. When leaving the movie we both thought Cats has been a fantastic movie, and we have recommended it to our friends.
Awful! Good dancing and singing, but thats about it!
A story with barely any plot and zero character development in the deep trenches of Uncanny Valley.
Way better than what I was expecting! From the songs, to the dancing, the acting to the overall production!!! Really Really Good! I definitely recommend giving it a watch!!!
great music, wonderful dancing, amazing actors. such a fun musical. director should have been fired.
Took me sometime to grasp the story behind the music and dance. A truly enjoyable and emotional time spent.If you are a whimsical musical lover a must see. Jennifer Hudson was spectacular.
It was an entertaining musical with a stellar cast and great songs.Whats not to like?
So let me start off by saying that this review suffers a lot from group think in that its just something popular to shit on since everyone is doing it. The movie also lives up a lot to the spirit of the individual in that, while not devoid of plot, is very whimsical and doesn't over explain every tedious detail and some people just can't make piece with that.That's not to say the movie is without flaw. The infamous CGI and costumes could have used revision but they're not awful after the initial scenes. In fact, once you learn to role with it both the acting, costumes and world come together to just be high octane fun and ends with a faint glimmer of hope that lets you know things will be alright even if you don't quite know what encompasses "everything."
Scary CGI!They made Idris Elba, who is an amazing looking man look terrifying, and not in a way that helps the role!!!This was a multiple margarita movie!The sad part is that the terrible CGI made the stellar singing and dancing unnoticeable.
Not terribly impressed with the movie.Glad I caught the matinee
Slow at first, picked up pace midway, Hudson acted well and sang pretty,and newcomer Hayward was a pleasant surprise, and beautiful. Costumes were spectacular, as expected,as was some of the cinematography.Ending was the best part, cats vs dogs!
It was the same thing as the play just with cgi.
Do you really like musicals this one's for you
Loved this movie! Beautifully made. Music and dancing was spectacular!! The foolish critics have no idea what the musical is about so, out of pure ignorance and judgement, they dont like it. Newsflash.... its a musical!! Judge it based on that!
I can't fathom the bad reviews. As someone who has seen Cats live on stage many times, I feel like this has only served to enhance that experience. Performances were stellar and hearing all the old songs was beautiful. I loved the new perspective from Victoria's story. It gives structure to the story. Maybe it's just marmite? Who knows, but I adored it.
I loved it.I suppose if you have seen the Broadway show this movie would be a departure.I didnt read any reviews before going because I didnt want a tainted perspective.After seeing the movie I read reviews about the CGI being creepy (their words not mine) and I didnt find the CGI creepy or distracting so Im glad I read reviews afterwards.Its fantasy folks and based on poems so there is poetic license involved.Dont overthink it .
I cannot, in good faith, call this a bad movie. Is it weird? Yes. Profoundly perturbing and somewhat unsettling if you think too long about the implications? Yes and yes. Is this perfectly in-line with the source material? Also yes, and the better for it. CATS is an adaptation trying to capture the absurd magic, music, dance, and anthropomorphic fantasy - and mild horror - that made the stageshow one of the longest-running on Broadway (itself cobbled together from a collection of near-nonsense poems by the same man who brought the world 'The Waste Land'), and - through the incorporation of a few extra lines and a clever shuffle of song order - arrange it into a narrative more suitable to a film audience. It was never not going to be incredibly, delightfully odd.I have a few technical quibbles with the soundmixing and framing, but all things that are endemic to modern cinema, so why bother with them here? The cgi that so worried everyone from the trailers is honestly just fine if you're used to hi-def videogames, other computer animated features, or even most action-fantasy films of the last 20 years. Between that, the brighter-than-typical colour palette, and the very clever and interesting set-design, it is no more disconcerting to look at than, say Aquaman or a Wes Anderson film.If you're a new person who's never heard what's CATS is actually about, it might catch you a little off-guard, but if you go in with a mind for two hours of ridiculousness or you're a musical fan willing to give a new version a shot, please try this movie!Negative 10 points for the implied NoHomo in taking away Tugger's pump-up song introing Misto and giving it to Victoria and Munkustrap though.
I like the cats movie and it was good though
I don't even know if I would have been able to function properly if I hadn't have watched this movie. This movie honestly helped improve my previously unstable mental state and totally reversed that. It honesty gave me a better view on humanity and gave me hope in the human race. I was previously a dog person but now after watching this amazing movie, I am a cat person. Thank you to all of the wonderful people that helped make this movie possible -your favorite fan!!!!
It was a truly bizarre watch. A bit sexualised, a bit creepy, what did I just watch
A lot was missed on this one....it's lazy all the way around. I fell asleep once.Where to start.There was extreme amount of musical talent with no confidence behind it.But then again musical talent doesn't exactly mean acting talent.There were no strong performances at all in the movie. Even Taylor came across as weak. There were times when the cats were rat size and times when the where to big for the scenes... huge problems there. Like I said there were no strong moments that's what kills it the most. It's like they weren't confident in what they were doing. It lacks so much and could have been much better. The sound was so plain and flat... that stage sound would have carried it a little better. The CGI stole depth from all the characters. They all looked horrible and weired. It wasn't so bad for the story as it was the scared performances.After thinking about it the music doesn't really meet with the voices in a lot of areas. I rewatched the 1998 video release today to see what was lost and I know most of the time when you've seen another version before that's what you base your view on.Comparatively this version lacked confidence, projection, and musical excitement. There is no power behind any of the voices. And I know some of them have powerful voices. I got the plot but it's horribly executed. Nothing flowed in most of the timing I credit that to the what's his name they butchered the lead with.Sorry he wasn't a good choice for that role no matter what references he had behind him. You need a strong(not afraid to project and fill the music with excitement) voice. It's very clear there were no voice coaches hired. You need an full Orchestra behind musical masterpieces that this is. It sounded like they put a boom box with a microphone close to it in the background. NO fullness to the music or voices to carry A PERFORMANCE.Needs fixed and could be.
Jennifer Hudson was the best part of the movie. 
It gave us, My Wife, Dianne and I, Carl and also three neighbors kids, Yuriana, Fatima and Rogelio...... "Happy Tears"
I'm not sure what movie the critics watched but Cats was very enjoyable. It is much more understandable than the play. Good cast great music. It's worth watching.
Critics are too afraid of being laughed at by their colleagues.The movie was good.Strayed from the Broadway musical in order to tell a more coherent story, but nothing overly creepy.Just like the play, it was humans in cat costumes (wow, shocking).Was skeptical of the new song but it works.The only downside for me was Rebel Wilson.Horribly miscast and in this case, the critics were right--creepy.
Awful,no story or plot
Not a movie for general audiences. Great adaptation of a theatrical Musical. The added materials tell the story in a much better presentation, keying on the discarded young kitten Victoria, found by the jellicle cats and brought into their magical follicle world..... Only for audience of Musical.....
awful cgi on the cats
Fantastic cast and costuming. Inspiring story line, gave me a new insight into cats!
Costumes interesting, choreography well done.That's about it.Story line, if there was one, was exceptionally vague.Truly a disappointment.Couldn't wait for it to end.
LOVED IT. PEOPLE AROUND ME IN THE THEATER ALSO LOVED IT. I JUST CAME FROM SEEING CATS FOR THE SECOND TIME WITH A FRIEND WHO WAS ALSO SEEING IT FOR THE SECOND TIME.AMC FIRST TIME, CINEMART SECOND TIME.
It was ridiculous nonsense. Got a few good laughs when it got too bizarre. There were 2 good parts, including taylor swift.It had potential to be so bad it was good, but failed to even meet that standard.The plot is bonkers and doesnt make sense.The music isnt even that good. Dont bother seeing it.
Exceptional movie and so sad that so many critics panned it. Just goes to prove why none of us ever take the critics view as a guide. All I can think of is they did not follow the really on point verse which is the basis for everything, prose and lyrics. Having seen Cats twice on Broadway this is different but no less pleasing. In fact it benefits from some excellent singers and marvelous sets. In addition the acting was fabulous as were the costumes. A 100% must see for any Broadway or Musical film fan.
Let me start with the good and then I'll say what I don't like.I'm a longtime fan of the Broadway show. I've seen it with half a dozen different casts and own a copy of the 1998 DVD that I've watched dozens of times. This iteration makes a few changes to the story. In particular it is told from the viewpoint of Victoria, who rather than attending her first ball as a young adult (as in more traditional renditions of the show) has just been thrown to the curb by a human when the show starts. This gives the story (a bit usually taking a very vague backseat to the music and choreography) more life. And they also add some interludes of dialogue between songs, which gave the story a framework that was always missing from the show before. Overall, I found it very enjoyable and would absolutely see it again.My favorite part of this movie, aside from the way it made the story more solid, was that Jennifer Hudson gave us the best Grizabella since Elaine Page. Possibly the best Grizabella ever. Her rendition of Memories is bone chilling and powerful. Likewise Francesca Hayward's Victoria is very very good.The new song, written by Weber and Taylor Swift, is a nice addition to the show in my opinion.Now what I didn't like. The special effects were beyond abysmal. I do not exaggerate in the least when I say that most YouTubers do a better job on their special effects. It was to the point of being distracting at some points, completely destroying any immersion in the movie. They attempted to inject a little Hollywood magic into the show and ended up making it less magical.Likewise there were some troubling casting choices. Leading up to the show I thought Rebel Wilson was a perfect choice for Jennyanydots, and she would have been if someone had told her that she wasn't in a slapstick comedy. And James Corden faced a very similar problem. Far from being the rotund yet dignified Bustopher Jones that we are all accustomed to from other iterations of the show - and indeed what's suggested by the lyrics of his song - in this iteration he is a laughing stock who spends his days digging through the trash for food. He is, in short, comic relief, and not even good comic relief at that.Going into this the casting choice that most intrigued me was that of Judi Dench. I thought it odd that a role traditionally given to a baritone with a powerful voice was being given to a woman with, as far as I know, no background in professional singing at all. I want to separate this out from the other casting mistakes because while I feel she absolutely smashed the acting side of the role her singing voice was nowhere near powerful enough for Deuteronomy's songs. Her singing simply felt flat and lacked the punch that a powerful voice - such at Jennifer Hudson's - could have given it.I'm rather disappointed that the decision was made to roll most of Syllabub's involvement in the plot into Victoria's character. I understand why that decision was made, but Syllabub's wide eyed innocence and quick acceptance of anyone has always made her one of my favorite cats in the show. Especially since Syllabub was still there, but no longer had any real part to play in the story.
Thought it was great. Coulda used no Rebel Wilson, but I liked it. 
Steaming hot doodoo. I would not wish this movie on my worst enemy.
Not gonna lie, I was ready to look past the nightmare inducing CGI and defend this movie. Then the Magical Mr. Mistoffolees song was sung by Munkustrap and Victoria instead of Rum Tum Tugger in some weird slow rendition that made me stand up to leave the theater. 
Great movie no sex scene at all. Good ballet and dancing. l loved the cats diversity. Will purchase DVD. keep open mind keep growing.
Horrible, This could have been so much better.
The 85% that was good was really good, the 15% that was weird or bad was very much weird or bad. I really enjoyed it!
MUCH better than the stage play. In addition to the singing, I really enjoyed the choreography,
Left the theater. One of the worst movies I have ever seen. An embarrassment to broadway movies. 
Music was butchered, cats were creepy, too many child-faced mice & cockroaches were eaten, Judy Dench was wasted, and story was boring. But the dancing would have been great if the choreographer had ever figured out what to do with the tails.
This movie was complete garbage completely boring no story waste of time I wouldn't even give it half a star but it's the only way to give it my opinion 0/10
Cats is hard show to get right; even on stage audiences have found it to be odd, however although it has its critics, it has its die hard fans as well.Growing up with the 1998 staged film, seeing the production live 5 times and devouring the soundtrack much to the rest of my families dismay I have always loved Cats, so when I discovered that it was going to be made into a movie starring James Corden and Taylor Swift I was concerned but also excited.The film is not everyone's cup of tea but also it's reviews I feel are very harsh. The film is an odd blend of the best of the show and the worst.I truly believe people will be talking about this movie for years to come and it may take on a life similar to what The Rocky Horror Picture Show took on in the 70s. This movie is destined to become a cult classic.The performances are excellent, the choreography is stunning; however this can be a bit hard to see due to some strange editing choices, however the best example of the dancing comes during the Skimbleshanks song.Some stand out moment include The Jellicle Ball dance number, Ian McKellan's Gus performance and of course Jennifer Hudson's gorgeous rendition of Memory.If you are a fan of musical theatre and of Cats you will love this film. Does it get everything right? No, but has Cats ever been Perfect?
SO CREEPY.Like, utterly offputting.Couldn't stomach it, it's way too disturbing to look at, who thought this was a good idea?
wish I could give 0 stars
i had a blast with this and the critics are wrong about this movie being hard to watch.
Ok yes, maybe the character design is horrifying to look at, and yes the story is a little confusing, but music is spectacular, the cinematography is gorgeous, and the dancing is mesmerizing. I highly enjoyed my journey along this cat themed fever dream.
5 Stars and I am not a Big Musical Movie fan. Took my Mom to see it for part of her Christmas Gifts. She LOVED it!!
I can't give it 0 stars, I wish I could, but I can't. I'm not going to see the movie and I would advise that you don't either, it's minutes of your life you will never get back, do something else, anything else, anything else is a more productive use of your time than seeing the train-wreck that is "cats".
Story line seemed u.clear at times
When will they learn to leave theatre in the theatre. Nothing more I can say.
Great costumes and dancing and singing but the plot was all over the place
I really enjoyed this film. I feel like most critics haven't seen the west end show so question things in the movie that has been in the show forever. They did a really good adaption. Fuck you critics right in your bum holes
It was a waste of my time and money.The CG effects just made look freaky, as well as being a distraction -- except for a couple notable exceptions, Dame Judith Dench and Ian McEllen, who out acted anyone else on the screen.
I want to buy a jelical gun put it in my mouth and blow my jelical brains out
IT STINKS! IT STINKS!
I have no idea on what I just watched
I think the acting and animation has a lot of efforts behind. The critic on the animation is that the face is too much human like, but it's probably like that in the Broadway anyway. The thing I dislikes the most is, the camera often wants to give a cat point of view simulation, literally by shaking the camera makes me nauseous . Also, there are a lot of things going on in the story it's hard to pay attention to all of them.
I actually think it looks fine I think people are being really really hard on this.
who thought this was a good idea
awful. one of the worst movies of all time.
Worst movie I have ever seen.It was a headache to watch.Only reliance on flashy CGI and just a weird visual experience.
I watched it today. I'm a big fan of the musical. I wasn't expecting much. The only complaint I have is the way they portrayed the fatter' kitties only to laugh AT (instead of with). I wasn't a huge fan of changing most of the songs to first-person, but I was able to let that go. Expected the CGI cat faces to be pure nightmare fuel, but five minutes in I got over that, too. The guys who played Munkustrup and Mister Mistoffelees did it SO believably that they tugged heartstrings every time they interacted with anyone. And Jennifer Hudson OWNED the show as Grizzabella. She was incredible.If you've never seen the play, I'd wait to see the movie until after. Otherwise, get you to the theatre! There. Now you know! 
Amazing. Who didn't like, don't understood the concept. Ahead of his time.
If one enjoys music and dancing, this is a must. We also enjoyed the "costumes". Be aware that there is little spoken dialogue, it is mostly sung. Great singing, great dancing, imaginative movement.. Most likely more appropriate for 13 and older due to concept and lack of spoken dialogue.
If you love ballet, you will love Cats, its just a really nice feel good, musical ballet. I really dont know why its been slated, I went to watch it with my daughter & we both thought it was lovely. The dancing was gorgeous, fab music, humourous, the lead dancer was so graceful, costumes were beautiful, I dont know what viewers were expecting but I thought it was great !
Lost God in this movie more than summer camp 2014
The movie didnt keep my interest. I even fell asleep for a little time. The two people sitting beside me left early. Jennifer Hudson, as great a singer as you would want in a movie, was lackluster in her performance of Memories. My brother liked it, but what does he know. He voted for Hilary. Enough said.
the movie was great ......the lobby was very wet and not kept mopped up.I was with my granddaughter and I fell and hurt by back.A disappointment to both of us.Clean up your theater in AMC Kent Station!
If I could rate it lower I would
It's Cats, at the end of the day. They didn't reinvent it, and they shouldn't have. What they did was condense it, draw clearer characters, and work out a closer narrative which was exactly what a movie of Cats needed. it wasn't perfect but neither is the stage show. It entertained in a different way, and in a new way, and you couldn't ask for more than that. Stand out performances from Ian McKellen and Judy Dench make it compelling, and it's visually very appealing too. Slight rearrangements of songs can be frustrating at times, but on the whole, the fresh twist on the score is welcome, and needed to make the show work in a cinema. 
Why? Why?! WHYYYYYYYY!
Never seen a movie before, where everything sucks. We have bad visuals, bad story, bad characters, bad pacing ...
I hate that this exists
Ive seen the play three times so, yes, its a fav of mine. The movie is well done but not without a few flaws. Worth seeing
The movie is terrifying, it has heavy visual effects and a bad script wherever I want you to see it. use songs to avoid having to give basic arguments that at the end of how many end up being ridiculous and irritating
Loved it. The updated version didn't make any changes an engaged watcher would notice. Critics and other reviewers are overreacting and I can't understand their vileness towards the movie. It's an excellent rendition of Cats and I only wish it had come out at a different time so I could have watched it in a Dolby Cinema.
The CGI was wonky but the actors performance is superb. The songs are great but differ slightly from the musical. There's quite a bit of humor and it was very entertaining. 
it didn't last very long and the singing was ok, but not enough to keepme interested for long.
This movie is so bad the people who made it should be banned from film making. There has to be accountability especially when so much money is going into these films. For one Taylor Swift is disgustingly bad , but thats oddly not the worst of it . The CGI is so bad I think the person who created these effects is blind. 
My kids hated it. I didnt like it at all
I loved it!Having seen the stage play a couple times, it was wonderful to finally be able to hear every word of lyrics and dialogue.The dance, music, settings were wonderful. It is not a linear story as much as an interpretation of the poetry it is drawn on. Some background on the characters helps with the story.I have never been moved by 'Memories" like I was when Jennifer Hudson fills it out with passion and pathos.I will see this again!! Don't miss it.
It was just an ok movie
This movie should have starred Tracey Jordan, because it is truly Hard To Watch.
I saw cats last night.Most likely am going to see it again sometime this weekend.Critics are so full of crap its not even funny.First off the sexual comments that every critic seems to be saying.What does it say when critics are finding something to be sexualized more then furries?There was a kitchen scene was god dang bat**** nuts.I was uncomfortable with some of those camera angles on Rebel Wilson and some of the implied self thigh rubbing....*coughs*Yeah well.And the less said about the mice and cockroaches the better.But beyond that umm no.They are cats + ballet + musical.I'm getting the impression that folks who went to see this film to review it have never seen a ballet or stage musical before. Just because you grab someone by the waist or are in close quarters with them doesn't equate to sexual. I think critics are confused because this is where the term anthropomorphic comes into play.You have people who look like cats who are acting like cats and it's causing problems with "reading" the body language of the people in the movie.This is all on the director and choreographer.A lot of the reviews are saying the CGI is bad.Umm no.Not at all.The fur is perfect.The complains about some of the actors wearing fur vs some are just naked.First I saw someone complaining about being neutered.Do you really want to see anatomically correct cats in this movie?Are you sure you aren't a closet furry or something?The choice to go with characters wearing outfits and some not.....look at who is dancing.The folks who do the most dancing are the ones who are "naked"The main characters who are not dancers are the ones who get the outfits.This is purely a functionality thing.Both it saves on the cost of CGI and it allows the dancers more freedom to move.Now my philosophy has always been if you have to explain that the movie was actually good, it probably wasn't.The above simply explains away some the critics baffling statements.But don't mistake that for me thinking this was a great movie.It wasn't.It was OK.It was fun to watch.That said there was plenty wrong with this movie.For the plot.....Its Cats.The plot has always been almost nonexistent. They could have and should have expanded on that.Was it bad?No.Its a straight forward concept.New person thrown into a new situation so the audience is learning about her environment as she is learning.A cat at the end of the evening is picked to.....move on by Judi Dench during that time cats are auditioning to be picked.During that time plans are afoot.This is not a complicated plot.Its a plot designed to carry music numbers in it from A to B to C to D.That is all.Now one suggestion would have been to added a little more Disney musical in that the music numbers are interspersed with dialog. To give a bit more breathing room between the music numbers as I think it was breaking the poor critics brain.Next was the cuts in this movie.A lot of, IMHO, bad edits.Jennifer Hudson when singing the iconic Memory was cutting away from her for reaction shots.It broke the mood. There are other examples of that that felt like the camera should have lingered longer.Speaking of Jennifer Hudson.Wonderful job but, and it was mentioned by another review that I rolled my eyes at but is legit.She cries as she is singing.Sure.Fine.While it brings emotional weight to the scene......we really didn't need the runny nose. Really it was distracting to see that.The interesting thing that I found with critics.Is there are factually inaccurate statements in their reviews.Things that can be quantified.One review complained about the lack of locations.The only major change in location was a railway track on a bridge.Other then that it was just an ally and a theater.That is factually inaccurate.I counted 10 distinct locations.So why the inaccuracy.I suspect that folks were so intent on the cat characters(Ears moving, tail moving, fury moving.)that it distracted from actually paying attention to the film.I wasn't bugged by this because its anthro cats....So?I think anyone not furry needs to see this at least twice.The reviews are blasting this movie when I've seen far worse movies with far worse CGI, far worse stories, and far worse characters all the while getting far better ratings.What's the difference?People are losing their crap because its people CGI morphed into cats.The funny thing is if this was animated it would have been far more popular.The issue IMHO is that this is new.We saw similar things with Avatar when it came out.People were screaming that its a blue cat and its sexualized.No not really you just are equating cats with sexy. But its not the case.
I was expecting more!!!
Cats is the death of Cinema. I went with my brother to see this movie knowing it was bad, hoping that I could enjoy how horrible it actually is. No. I didn't enjoy it. I felt my soul slowly dying and all I could do was laugh at how awful it was. Don't see it, you will regret it. We drove back home in silence as we quickly lost hope in the film industry.
Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh......Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh.....Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Honestly, it made me feel uncomfortable.
What a drag. What a bore. Jennifer Hudson was awfully bad.
We're all lucky to live in a world where something like Cats (both the musical and the movie) is a part of pop culture. It's patently absurd to use terms like "good" and "bad" to discuss this film, and anyone who doesn't feel grateful to get to look at these psychotic images is a joyless square. If you already know you don't like sexy cat-men then fine, know thyself, but that absolutely disqualifies you from reviewing this film. All of these smug reviews just demonstrate that people aren't able to conceive of time and space and, god forbid, "plot" from the perspective of a cat. I'm sorry, but this is how cats experience the world, and your human-centric criticism-industrial-complex is sucking the air out of our shared ecosystem of song and dance!
If you loved the play, you will love the movie - great cast, sets, and of course the music!!
Despite the critics I thought this take on CATS was great. Ideal Christmas treat for the kids. 
Chet huff hugging Hutt thyroid fight reggae through fff ffhfr
The plot is weak, music good but the people being cats are so soft on their feet and graceful they become cats. The dance is amazing.
This is a disgraceful approach for the genuine theatrical version. I saw both and by far this movie is a shameful production. Save your money and go see a carton movie or any movie, it would be far way better than this one. Poor acting, poor music , poor all the way around...
I really enjoyed it. It was very entertaining with great dancing and music. The fur technology you get used to after a few minutes. Don't listen tu the critics. It's a great movie that you can tell the actors are passionate about.
I liked it jennifer hudson was absolutely amazing.
It was very creepy. It succeeds as a horror film
It was a nice song and dancemovie with strong performances from cast.
Overall, enjoyed the film.There is not a big plot to the stage show, so didn't expect more from the movie.Dancing was excellent. The intentionallyshaky handheld video was distracting to the beauty of the dance (-1 star for this mess).CGI fur didn't bother me.Critics seem to have some hidden agenda against this film.
I thought this movie was gaudy, tacky, and overall ugly to look at.
Spent more time trying to figure out who was playing each cat. Only 7 people in theater on a friday night
Es horrible, los graficos hacen ver la pelicula como de furris. Un desacierto por completo
Whoever gave this a bad review has 95% never seen the actual musical on Broadway, PERIOD. As a true cats fan I LOVED IT. I think people just dont get itThe music is beautiful, i cried during Jennifer Hudsons rendition of Memory it was pure magic. 
It was a very good movie beautiful to view and was about 98% singing and 2% dialogue
Pay no attention to the negative reviews!I loved it!The makeup and costumes were extraordinary and it was amazing the way the cats' ears and tails moved.The music and dancing was great as always - it was so fun to hear all the familiar songs.If you loved the stage productions, I think you will love the movie.You get to be up close to the cats and the detail in all the scenes is wonderful and often funny, sometimes poignant.The story has been updated a bit to actually have a loose plot line rather than just a series of vignettes and there are a couple of new songs, so if you have seen the play a few times, this will add some interest for you.Old Deuteronomy is a female cat in the movie, played by Judy Dench and I thought she did a great job.That woman can do anything!Go and enjoy!
Seriously, who is shocked this was a turd?
I'm disappointed in Rotten Tomatoes for forcing me to give it half a star. That half star is purely for Jennifer Hudson singing Memory. She's a talented singer singing a half-decent song, it would never be bad. it is not enough to save this movie which makes me feel so dirty and unclean that I'm more inclined to becoming a celibate monk rather than look at a cat again. The pacing is so awful that this two-hour movie felt like a full week of suffering, and yet I can't say for certain if anything happened. A series of horny cats sang and danced for hours while Idris Elba started to kidnap them until they start to notice after they have their orgy and Taylor Swift and two twins start to drug the orgy with catnip. I wish I was exaggerating. Anyways, the cats force a magic cat to sing, then stop singing, then start singing again, then continue to stop and start four times total before the big cat is brought back and sad Jennifer Hudson cat can sing and be chosen to be sacrificed and ascend into the Heaviside layer. Again, I wish I was exaggerating. This movie is so poorly edited that the die-hard fans of Cats next to me couldn't understand who was who. Do not see this movie.
Not funny, not edgy and really just kinda creepy.Waste of time and $$
Horrid. Why do this garbage?
Enjoyed choreography.
I created this profile just so I could give CATS a rotten review. But I can't. Yes, the movie is a tragic fever dream but it's also a rip-roaring good time if you're drunk enough and in good company.
Just as bad if not worse than the broadway show and that was horrible!!!
Don't take notice of the critics this film is great
I love the soundtrack
This is a mockery of the musical. It's completely lost all the appeal and charm of the stageshwow and really should never have seen the light of day.
Don't listen to the haters, they probably haven't seen the musical
Well sung.Better plot clarity .But ultimately boring.
Cats is a musical spectacle.The stage musical is about the music, dancing and costumes.The movie heightens each of those things.Tom Hopper gives us more then a front row seat to watch this musical, just as he did with Les Miserables.
if I were a furry I wouldn't be anymore
Actors were great, but it was a weak remake on the Broadway play.
Cant wait to see it tonight! What you see in the movie is true to stage musical but you get to see what you dont see in theater which is the city of London all the visuals! Looks great! Go see it ignore all negative reviews! Its magical! 
Plotless, meaningless movie without any notable acting performance.Every supposed actor in this monstrosity should hang their tail in shame.
Loved it! The costumes were fantastic; the singing and dancing were wonderful.I can't believe the negative reviews. See it yourself and decide. My only question is why was Jennifer Hudson's nose running whenever she sang? Somebody get her a tissue.(Maybe she's allergic.)
We laughed. We cried (from laughing). And then laughed again. Yet, it was not meant to be the comedy that it was. You couldnt pay me to see it again (I cant believe I paid them to see it in the first place). 
I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. If you enjoyed the stage version, you will enjoy the movie. Go into it expecting an old-time singing and dancing musical, A new song and character have been added, and a little more story is included. The dancing is wonderful. Francesca Hayward, is a joy to watch. For you tap fans, there is a glorious tap number to savor. Most of the singing is beautiful, and the other singing fits the character. There are even a few times when your heart/soul will be touched. It is not a perfect film. The editing/direction are not always helpful and some characters get more screen time then needed (Rebel Wilson does her typical over acting look at me routine). The negative reviews seem to focus on the thin plot and "creepy" looking cats. The plot of any song and dance movie/show is not designed to be complicated, it's designed to showcase the singing and dancing, which this plot actually does better than the stage versions I saw. The stage versions also had people dressed in cat costumes with cat ears and tails and makeup versions of cat faces and I never once saw a review that they were "creepy". The haters just seem to have no whimsy, wonder or serenity to allow themselves to just enjoy a movie because its fun. So, if you ever enjoyed seeing the stage version of Cats (or wished you had seen it and never did), like singing and dancing, or need a break from superheroes, science fiction and sequels, take friends and loved ones to see Cats. By the way, if you are a Taylor Swift fan, she does not appear until very late in the movie, so be patient.
Truly a phenomenal film that every man woman and child should experience on the big screen.It even brought a tear to my friend's eye
Seriously - on paper this film should have been a masterpiece. Fell flat. Very disappointed
this was absolutely vile
A lot of people are hating on this movie so I feel it's my duty to step in and provide a positive rating! This movie was fun, beautiful and a fresh perspective on the original. Yes, there is CGI (gasp), we do live in a digital age. But no, it did not distract (too much) from my enjoyment. This is not a movie made for the critics, it was made to be fun! And that it was! Also, I must note there were some really stellar performances here. Go see for yourself and decide!
Well, I was so elated considering what my sister told me about the movie Cats. It didn't turn out to be what she thought and what I thought she said. It was supposed to be centered around being re-bornagain and just a dramatic change in your life, however it didn't give that meaning. The Musical and the voices were outstanding although Jennifer Hudson runny nose was very annoying, I believe it could have been better, however I am going to see the play when come hear in 2020. I just hope its much greater than ever.. Overall it's a thumbs or a Rotten Tomatofor me..
Must go see this movie
If you know that this is based on Cats musical that has been around since the 80s, which is based on poetry from the 40s, and you are at least familiar with the concept before going into this movie, then I feel you would understand how beautiful this rendition of it is. The whole movie went smoothly-2 hours felt like nothing. The characters, sets, songs, and dances were all very moving. I think every actor did their part to the T. The only thing that makes this a 4 to me is the cgi was a little choppy at some points- with hands changing colors, and "necklaces" clearly not sitting well. I think that almost distracted me from some points.
I don't know what critics were expecting from a collection of silly poems, turned musical, turned film.It's fun, and if you enjoyed the musical, you'll enjoy this.It has its issues, but overall it's pretty good, and Jennifer Hudson nails Grizabella
Far from the play on broadway.
No words can express my feelings.
i went in with very low expectations but this film went above and beyond on what i expected !!!!! if u dont know cats at all i suggest another movie but if u know cats this is perfect for u !!!!!
Worst movie I have ever had the misfortune to see. One star because the tap dancing scene was entertaining.
Jennifer Hudson and Taylor swift rock this musical
Fun music, great cast.
Terrible. Memory is great as usual the rest is awful. 
Loved it !!!!! Just beautiful.
Cats is exactly as bad as you expect it to be (from the commercials). This trainwreck may well be the biggest disaster of the decade. (Just to be clear, I loved the Broadway musical)
Cant really say anything besides I fell asleep. Only good thing was Jennifer Hudson singing!
Todo estaria correcto sino fuese por las criaturas antropomorgicas generadas a computadora gato/humano que dan mala pinta a la gran mayora que los viera.
it's a fevered dream meant to be forgotten
Cats was so incredible!!! I don't understand the negative reviews at all - there must be a lot of a) theatre haters b) musical haters or c) Taylor Swift fans who only went to see her. The negativity is so completely unjustified it is almost laughable. Cats the movie took a 30+ year old play and breathed brand new life into it with incredible set designs, a completely amazing cast, and stunning choreography. Skimbleshanks is by far the highlight, and that says a lot coming from me as Mr. Mistoffelees has always been my favorite cat (and he is still great here in an expanded role). Judi Dench as Old Deuteronomy was stunning, and James Corden and Rebel Wilson were hilarious in their respective roles! The critics got this so wrong - Cats is worth seeing over and over, now and forever'!
Not much of a story...dancing was the only redeeming aspect.Only one good song...plays more like a cat lovers bad dream.Truly strange!
If you go into knowing it was born out of poetry, art, and theater, you will love it. It is a piece of art. Not a movie like anything I've ever seen. Had a smile on my face the entire time!! Spectacular cast!
If youre gonna do a film version of a treasured Broadway musical, do it right!Completely miscast, in an attempt to make the show less broadway and soften it up to be more movie, those responsible for the movie version of Cats have completely sucked the life out of almost every single musical number.In a show that is supposed to be full of energetic, entertaining, sometimes explosive, musical numbers, I had to wait till act II to finally feel any energy delivered by Skimbleshanks the Railway Cat. Its a good thing I have amazing memories of seeing the original on broadway because I need to cleanse my mind vigorously, of what I saw on that screen, with those treasured memories I hold dear from the first Broadway musical I had ever seen.Its one thing to cast ONE big name in a musical who cannot sing well when you have a great cast to distract from it, BUT do not put a bunch of big names into a musical if they cant handle the singing required of the roles they are in. The previews made sure to capture everyone with glances at some great names of theater, comedy and music, but they did not deliver a final product to back the anticipation generated in the teasers. More oft than not, when we as an audience are given a production with well known celebrities that we didnt know could sing, we are awed at the amazing talent displayed upon us. That was not the case with the movie version of Cats. Instead, we were shown that, yes, yes indeed, Rebel Wilson should stick to acting and comedy, the revered Judi Dench and Ian McKellan should remain caste in those roles which their greatness is truly made for instead of displaying what is surely an embarrassing mar to their celebrity, and James Corden is much better at singing karaoke in cars with celebrities as a late night fancy on his talk show.A few peoples performances did stand out. Taylor Swift was adept and graceful in her delivery as Bombalurina. Jennifer Hudson, as Grizabella gave us a taste of those vocal cords, whose notes can take over a stage, that we were hoping for, but I constantly wanted to wipe her damn nose. Steven McRae gave us everything we could hope for and more, with his mastery of movement and stage presence, as Skimbleshanks the Railway Cat, in what was singularly the shows most upbeat and well done number. Judi Dench, oh Judi Dench, a women who can carry such amazing power in her stage presence...I admire her so! I was embarrassed for her being forced to rasp out vocals meant for someone with talents other than hers. The same goes for Ian McKellan. The two of them are most certainly legends in their own right, and, when cast correctly, bring power and magic to the roles which they play.As the show went on I kept hoping for more, that maybe they were building up to greater musical numbers. I was even given some hope when Skimbleshanks pranced upon the set. All that said, I was left unimpressed and yearning for more. It was like I was taken in by a gorgeous, well built, sexy, charismatic individual, only to find out they absolutely sucked in bed. A complete let down.Its a good thing cats have 9 lives, because the life was sucked right out of this version.
NO GOD! NO GOD PLEASE NO! NO! NO! NOOOOOOO!
It was not the best movie. The storyline was confusing and it was a bore. Taylor Swift was the best part, even though her part was very small. I wouldnt recommend.
Mr. Stark I don't feel so good
A few nights ago I had a dream in which I was both inside and outside at once, sat on a sofa but in the garden, looking after a girl who was both of my nieces combined and yet neither of them. This film is like that, everything is not quite right. The cats look wrong, they move in the wrong ways, gravity doesn't quite work properly, everything is just a bit off.I've never seen anything like it. It's a kitten's whisker away from being a horror film, or a weird furry porno (there are points when you feel a cat orgy is inevitable) but at the same time I didn't stop laughing all the way through. What else in the world has this strange combination of kink, horror and hilarity?Some of the performances are brilliant. J-Hud shines as Mrs Overall, and Sir Ian McKellen is marvellous as himself. I can't remember a time when I've laughed so much for so long. Or spent so much time wondering why I'm wondering about bumholes. The wrongest thing I've ever seen.
Honestly had never seen cats before this, but i just loved how the vocals and dancing were so precise. I had the majority of the songs and images stuck in my head for hours after. Great movie.
Songs were good, hated that TS was like in it for 5mins and some parts really dragged on.
NO! Just NO! What a mess of a movie ! Stay home !
Its Cats! There are some awkward moments, but the music and magic make up for it. Especially look out for Shimbleshanks the Railway Cat.
Boring, repetitive, hard to watch until the end. Besides the things we already know from the trailer, (and that being everyone looks like a torn apart a**hole) it was overall pointless, the deeper meaning of this movie falls flat on it's face and is really surface level philosophy, the movie isn't selfaware and it backfires. PRETTY. HARD.-i wouldn't recommend it, not even as a "so bad it's good viewing". It will haunt you.
This is a great movie - how could it have been better. Anothers time when the critics have it all wrong!
A awful movie with an admixture of terrible graphics, with a bad script and a bad acting. For whom this film is madeit is not clear
We walked out. The costumes were amazing the set great. The story however was not good and the kids were bored to tears
This should be used in a interrogation room . I've never wanted to walk out of a theater so badly. This physically hurt to watch . I made an account on here just to leave this review. Don't take anyone to this movie . Not even your worst enemy deserves this level of torment.
A furry's wet dream.
Ummm. I just don't know what to say.
The cat costumes were great, some of the music & dance were enjoyable but not a total winner in my opinion.Hard to follow at times.Judith Dench was great.
no story in movie boring
Liked the costume and the amazing dancing and scenes. The camera angles and each of the cat personalities. I had so many favorites.
AMAZING! Completely worth it, a must-see, especially before they fix the CGI! So much fun. My whole theatre was clapping and meowing along.
Don't listen to some "expert" who has perfectionist perspective. We all have different taste! watch it by yourself ignore those hypocrite
Movie was absolutely terrible. Walked out halfway through it.
I never seen the musical show. I thought it was amazing the actors was wonderful and i love the singing and the costumes. i would recommend it to all of my friends and people i know.
Don't expect the stage play because this is a different medium.But if you want fantastic singing and dancing, you'll love it.
Honestly not as bad as the critics made out, having studied film I could see what they meant by CGI but sometimes that isn't all a film is, definitely recommend to at least watch once
Bravo!!!!! I'd give it more stars if I can.
I was shocked at how appawling it is!
So much wasted potential.
This movie was amazing! I wouldn't say better than the long running musical (which I saw myself) but it was truly amazing how connected I felt with each character on a deeper level than the musical. Yes, I see there were changes made but I love both the musical and the movie as it is. The changes just make it interesting to see how they adapted to the big screen. Huge recommendation to see it yourself!
I have no words to describe my journey through this movie. In the first five minutes I cried out of a mixture of joy and shock. In the first 20 min a mother and her 2 children left the theater leaving their food untouched. In the first hour a father daughter combo left the theater leaving me and my 5 friends alone in the theater. In the last 10 minutes all of us had lost our collective minds and ate the forgotten food. I ran to the front of the room as the final song Crescendos and chugged our fallen moviegoers icee as my fellow patriots applauded, basking in what we had just seen. You will learn something about yourself, I dont know what, but you will learn. WATCH THIS MOVIE
Too horny for its own good jesus who let this into cinema I wanted to gouge my eyes out in it
If Cats didnt have well known actors and singers in the movie it wouldve been a total waste of money. I wasnt super impressed with the storyline of the movie, but the singing and dancing was great. I dont recommend seeing it in theaters. Just save your money and wait till its on dvd. 
I fell asleep several times
If you love amazing dance, poetry, music, set design, a mature storyline and cat moves all in one, Cats is a must see. We all (3 generations) found it beautifully poignant and enjoyable from beginning to end. The acting was memorable by all cast members, especially by Judy Dench. The critics are wrong about this one! See for yourself. We plan to watch multiple times.
The movie was fantastic! I think many people have put too much focus on the CGI, but if you look at the film as a whole, it really is quite amazing. As someone who has never seen the Broadway show, I was able to follow the plot very well, and I think that if you take your focus off the CGI that has been widely discussed, the plot is very apparent from the beginning of the film. I think the plot also gets a nice boost/helping hand from the Taylor Swift & Andrew Lloyd Webber co-written original song, "Beautiful Ghosts." Everybody in the theater was crying when they heard Victoria, played by Francesca Hayward, sing "Beautiful Ghosts." The one two punch of "Memories" followed by "Beautiful Ghosts" was an extremely touching moment that makes clear that the film has a central message of inclusiveness and embracing one's sense of being unique. The dancing was really breathtaking and left me in awe. There were so many styles of dance included, yet they blended together so well. I was very impressed with the singing, considering the fact that it was all done live during filming (which was director Tom Hooper's signature choice). A standout moment was when Taylor Swift performed her number on screen. I certainly wasn't expecting her to be the standout star of the film, but there she was. She performed her song with finesse and embodied her character extremely well. Overall, it's important to go into the film knowing that you are going in to see a film adaption of one the most popular yet weirdest shows in Broadway history. Expect lots of weirdness and quirkinesses, but also expect to be thoroughly entertained and left in awe. After all, that is the goal of Cats anyway.
'Cats' is the 'Dark Souls' of movies. Too true to Andrew Lloyd Weber's musical, there's little to no semblance of a plot, story is relayed through cryptic lore galore requiring deep-diving analyses, and eldritch CGI abominations roam the screen with uncanny human faces stapled onto their abhorrent bodies begging for mercy. Every important filmic choice is so, so, so, so wrong. Resultingly, everything in the movie is also so, so right. The purgatorial non-story of 'Cats' is taken as seriously as any other gig as the talent lick, paw, and meow through 110 minutes of consecutive music numbers that relish every note and beat of their fantastical composition, creepy digital fur/skin suits and all.
This is nightmare before Christmas , if you actually watch it before Christmas
awesome music but if u have seen the play just stay like that!!!
This is my take...if you liked the stage production you'll like the movie. But if you hate the stage production you'll hate the movie. I liked the stage production & I like the movie. But it's up against mega Star Wars.
Tom Hooper should be shot! This movie is dreadful and he does nothing cinematic with it at all. It's dull and boring with a couple of moments of slightly better moments mostly thanks to comedians in the cast. And Taylor Swift May be the performer of the decade but she certainly doesn't bring it here and looks uncomfortable in those shoes. And they all just looks weird with twitching ears and tails.
It was very well done.
The story line was all over the place.
Jennifer Hudson's performance was AMAZING
I HATE THE STAGE VERSION OF CATS!!!That said I was extremely moved by the film. Many, if not most, will never see it because it's a musical. Tom Hooper & Lee Hall took the script to the level it needed to be under Tom Hooper's direction and once one gets into the film, you're caught by the catnip. It starts out farcical and silly as you learn who each cat is and with the beautiful song that was added, Beautiful Ghosts by Taylor swift, your heart takes a tug because the entire film falls into place like a magical spell by Harry Potter and you learn something by the time Jennifer Hudson blasts the screen with Memories.....you get it. Every cat needs to be noticed, needs to be part of something and needs acceptance. Just like every human on earth."As I see it" I went in wanting to hate every note of the score and every line of dialogue because the play was just....well nothing and I couldn't. I came out having learned something about me. If you understand the film you too will learn something about yourself. It may not be the same thing for each person but I bet if nothing else you will learn, as Old Deuteronomy explains at the end of the film.........."A cat is not a dog."Think about that for a moment and then think......"I am not you and you are not anyone else, but you are very special in some way."That pretty much sums it up.
It suffered from not knowing what it wanted to be.. stage show or movie
Absolutely loved it and will go to see it again. Entertaining, amazing voices, dancing and costumes were outstanding. Will win many awards for this film. Highly recommend for all audiences.
I was ready to see it again. Fabulous costumes, staging + especially choreography. The lead was such a beautiful dancer. Loved the way the cats tails would wave + ears move. Funny + touching + such a spectacle. Wonderful to hear the songs again without going to London.
Best movie of all time I think
James Cordon Cat is the greatest performance in cinema.
I absolutely love musicals and I thought the actors did an outstanding job however if I wanted to watch a movie that was all CG i would have have watch a cartoon.
This movie was perfectly casted and Jennifer Hudsons ballad brought everyone in the theater to tears. The dancing was impeccable and I definitely recommend this movie to anyone thats even vaguely interested!
Not a great story line but entertaining. 
I'm not sure what excatly the purpose of the films goal is to be despite being slapped as a musical. It somehow bypasses some red flags that affect attempts to reach the audience.
I have not seen the Broadway version so I cant compare. I found it entertaining and enjoyed singing. Liked the story line.
This movie was just horrifying and the horrendous CGI just makes this movie even worse, and the characters were overly sexualized in a lot of scenes. I really do t see why this was made into a movie, I would recommend watching a play about this instead of watching this movie because nothing would change besides this CGI and visual effects. 0/10 would not recommend this movie to anyone.
I liked it but wished it had more dialogue. And my wife fell asleep. Loved the actors and dancing. Wish they would work on the audio better because it was way too loud. Idk if it was just the theater we were in but it was hurting my ears. And wasnt always able to fully understand what they were saying.
liked icerall, but a few slow spots.
CGI was intrusive.Otherwise, loved the dancing and the main actors.
Its so cray cray, its good ! I was entertained but certainly a lot of bad choices were made lol
The CGI is good but it's awful. It's so bad. Just don't watch it.
I only liked Jennifer Hudson sing, brought me to tears. every thing else was meh.
I must admit, I'm a crazy cat lady so I am biased...but I loved it! The dancing was superb--normally I'm quite critical, as a dancer myself--the visuals were beautiful, and the cast did a remarkable job with the music! Will see it again with my family!
The movie was entertaining.
Terrible!!! Dont waste your $$$ amazing actors, no plot.Terrible!
This is a theatrical, artistic production. It is true to the original content it was birthed from. It is not a film, but an experience, on the screen. Artistically, it is worth seeing at least once. If you know they play, you know there is not much plot. This is one in the same. Dont expect differently.
About 20 years ago, there was a direct to DVD version of Cats.It pretty much did not have any of the complaints that are being raised against the new movie.There was not CGI; the cast wore makeup tights, and yak hair.It was all filmed on a stage representing a junk yard.For all intents and purposes it was a movie of the staged version of the show.The main difference was it had a 90 piece orchestra rather than a 16 piece orchestra.Rotten Tomatoes gave it a score of 20.My conclusion is, a lot of people, including a lot of critics simply do not like Cats.Never mind that it was staged for 18 years, has been seen by 81 million people, won seven Tony awards.Some people don't like it and never will.A lot of these people don't "get" it.The show is about music and dance.The music is classic Andrew Lloyd Webber (an EGOT winner).The dancing in the current movie is from some of the finest dancers in the world.Frankie Hayward is awesome as Victoria.Plus, you have tap and hip hop dancing, among other styles.You have great actors, great singers, and great comedians.You have a book from T.S. Eliot, one of the greatest poets of the 20th century.What more could you want?
The acting was good and the dancing was great! The last 20 minutes are the funniest shit I felt bad laughing so hard in the theater! Other then that I would just tell you to go look up the musical on YouTube it's 10 times better!
I have a high tolerance for bad films but this almost broke me. It was absolutely terrible. No story plot to follow, the musical numbers were forced and the sets were artificial looking. The broadway musical definitely did not translate well at all on film. I was nearly about to walk out of the theater if I hadntpaid $14.00 for it! Waste of time!
My god what idiot made this film to be people in dumbass suits?! I saw Broadway shows but this is just stupid.
The music and acting was good. It looses some of its appeal being on the big screen rather than live. Jennifer Hudson was unbelievable and Im sure brought tears to most peoples eyes when she sang.
First, introducing Francesa Hayward, she is stunning!Jennifer Hudson, new arrangement for memories worked for her but not sure it would for anyone else. New choreography brings a fresh, modern refreshing tilt to the story. Bravo! Hip hop and Tap is now part of the Cats legacy. Warning! Its not the Theater production. Why should it be? A new song and added dialogue helped pulled the whole thing together. You will understand this story line much more than the live show. If you never watched or wanted to watch the Theater production, this may be out of your wheelhouse.So wait to rent it. But do see it. Crazy talented cast! And those who prefers movies to NOT stretch their imagination or you know your imagination isnt bigger than your back yard dont go see this, it isnt meant for you. Youll walk out confused and maybe angry that this cast and director played with you for 102 minutes and never explained the rules the game.Stay home, watch a Christmas Netflix movie you will enjoy your evening much more. But at last, for me and my house we had a blast seeing the Movie Cats Tonight.
Gonna be a no for me
The movie did the Broadway play justice. Wonderfully done and acted,
Loved the movie. The musical is as close as you can expect to the Broadway show and the Picture and Costumes are terrific!
This movie was awful. The concept was so dumb, the acting was ok, but it was just a horrible money wasting movie. Go see Star Wars or something else.
Cats" is destined for cult status, misunderstood by the uninitiated, unaccepted by the "it's-cool-to-hate" crowd, and cherished by a special brand of audience who sees the value in art that dares to be different.
Full disclosure - I own the 1981 movie production on Blu-ray, and I saw the Broadway production of Cats when they came to my hometown. I frickin love this story.It wasn't the worse than it could have been. Pros: the Jellicle Ball scene was AMAZING and is 1 reason for the for 2nd star Jennifer Hudson came through, but I had no doubt Francesca Hayward as Victoria and all the genuine dancers in this movie. Cons: Rebel Wilson as Rebel Wilson Taylor Swift was so extra Macavity played more of a (ok fine, plausible) role, but I preferred when he was more a mystery VICTORIA'S DANCE ROUTINE after "The Naming of Cats" - like that is frickin iconic to me, it's a beautiful SOLO dance, and since it happened at the beginning of the movie, this MISS, it set the tone for the entire movie.
Dont look into the abyss!The abyss might look back...
I can't unsee Ian McKellen licking from a bowl.
This movie is an abomination. The acting is fine and I get they are trying their best but the cgi is so off putting. 
The leads singing in the R&B Motown style ruined those songs. Should have kept the singing standard Broadway,Lloyd-Weber style. Looks like they were trying for a certain ethnic quota.
Cats, beyond all reason, is a musical sensation. Andrew Lloyd Webber based the show on the poems of T.S. Eliot. The original production played on Broadway for eighteen years from 1982 to 2000 and I don't know a single person that likes it. It was only a matter of time before these jellicle cats were headed for the big screen in a big-budget folly. The first look the public got of a Cats movie musical trailer was met with revulsion and horror. I was anticipating the worst and yet I still wasn't fully prepared for the jellicle disaster strutting around with undue confidence.Director Tom Hooper (Les Miserables, The Danish Girl) made the colossal misfire to film his action in motion capture bodysuits and provide CGI hair and cat features to them later. This choice dooms whatever meager chance a big screen Cats might have had. There's a reason the Internet erupted in collective horror when the first trailer was released, and Hooper and his producers tried assuring the public that those were early renditions of the technology and it would be improved upon its holiday release. Dear reader, I am here to tell you that the horror of that first trailer is alive and well in every unnatural moment of this nightmare. The uncanny valley has been a busy transit stop this year with the unsettling live-action (?) Lion King and now Cats serves as a dire warning about the perils of modern technology. Just because you can try and give human beings CGI fur and ears and tails doesn't mean you should. The look is never fully transporting and often it appears like human features have been slapped onto a furry background composite, like a snowman's facial features while it might be melting. Then there's the additional levels of scary anthropomorphism, with mice and marching cockroaches. Why not just use prosthetics and makeup like every stage production? I think the Cats producers wanted to do something to distinguish it and in doing so they unleashed one of apocalyptic seals.Whatever film version of Cats was destined to be disappointing because the source material is so lackluster. The Broadway musical was so popular for so long, I assume, primarily from its creative use of costumes, makeup, and staging to bring to life a fanciful world of felines. The CGI decision takes away whatever admirable craftsmanship and charm the stage show might have conveyed and replaced with nightmare fuel for the eyes. Absent the initial appeal, we're left with a truly underwhelming story populated with underwritten characters that only really exist when they're singing and otherwise just operate in background space. It's a show that feels powerfully redundant with a plot structure that amounts to cats being tapped to deliver an explanatory song about themselves and then to move onto the next. It's very much, "I'm a cat. Here's my cat song," followed by, "I'm a different cat. Here's my different cat song." Without further plot advancement, it feels like the silliest job interview with the worst candidates seeking the position of Cat Who Gets the Honor of Being Reborn in the Sky. By the end of the movie, I was convinced that I was watching an even scarier version of Midsommar and that this cat gang was really a religious cult that was selecting a ritual sacrifice to their blood-thirsty Egyptian Gods.It's a storytelling experience that never connects because this is designed entirely for children. Much of the show feels like a children's television series that was hijacked by a sexual deviant. The film is replete with simplistic moral messages that you would find in children's television, things like "Believe in yourself," and, "Invite others into your play," and, "Wait your turn," and, "Treat others with respect," and other easily digestible platitudes. This isn't a complicated show and children would not be tasked with remembering the many characters and their stupid names because most of them are meaningless to the larger story. There is nothing complex about this story, which was compensated by the production values of the original stage show. The large stages the actors frolic around are fun to watch because they're built to scale, meaning the tables are gigantic to present the world from a cat's perspective. However, the proportions vary wildly and at whim. The cats will seem much larger than their world and much smaller; dining cutlery will appear far larger than a cat's whole body, or they'll strut on a railway and look like they're three inches tall. Couple that with inconsistent world building and ill-defined magic powers (teleportation works except when it doesn't) and it becomes very hard to hold onto anything as a baseline. The attempts at whimsy through the exaggerated scale become another point of confusion and unease as this world continually feels like a simulation that doesn't quite add up.I really want to examine just how ridiculous so many of these character names are. Apparently, a cat chooses their name (sorry, pet owners, but you've been giving them slave names?) and they're selecting some pretty insane identities. Without further ado, we have Bombalurina, Bustopher Jones, Grizabela, Macavity, Jennyanydots, Rum Tum Tugger, Rumpleteazer, Mungojerrie, Mr. Mistoffelees, Munustrap, Griddlebone, Tantomile, Jellylorum, Growltiger, and without a doubt, my favorite, Skimbleshanks. You could play a game guessing whether the names were cat names, pirate names, or something an elderly human said during a stroke.The songs are also another source of disappointment. There's the lone exception of "Memory" and Jennifer Hudson kills it with the kind of emotion the rest of the movie was missing, but everything else feels like it's droning on and absent a strong sense of melody. The synth score also feels very dated and hard on the ears. The only saving grace for a movie that puts this concerted emphasis on the performances would be the song and dance numbers, and the dance choreography is bland and undercut by the editing, and the songs are forgettable. The Skimbleshanks number is a slight variation because of the force of personality from the character, being introduced like a fancy feline member of the Village People, suspenders and literal handlebar mustache and all. He also has an impressive tap number that leads into the exciting world of sleeping cars on a train. It's hard for me to impart any emotional impact from the songs because they're so plainly expository, explaining a different cat's life from being mischievous to being fat and lazy. These are not interesting characters in the slightest (sorry, Skimbleshanks) and their songs are like boring third grade essays about their home lives.Nobody walks away completely clean from this movie but the actors with singing experience come closest. James Corden (Into the Woods) is a real highlight from his comic asides that feel like he's puncturing the bizarre self-serious nature of this silly movie. Jason Derulo has a slick amount of charm to be a commitment-challenged alley cat. Hudson (All Rise) is a strong singer and made me think of her character from Dreamgirls being a cat and singing her big number. The lead heroine, Francesca Hayward, has a genuine grace to her presence and a nice face to stand out amid a world of scary human-looking cat deformities. I wish she had more moments to showcase her balletic talents. The older actors fare the worst, unfortunately. Judi Dench (Murder on the Orient Express) looks pained and sounds it too. Her fourth-wall breaking song that concludes the film, instructing the audience on how to address and treat their kitties, is inherently awkward. Elba (Hobbes & Shaw) provides a palpable sense of menace to his devil figure, until he appears without clothes and I audible gasped and groaned. In one instant, any sense of menace vanished as I watched a naked black cat version of Idris Elba dance a jolly jig. I know these actors signed up for this but that didn't stop me from feeling a resigned sense of embarrassment for them.And now is the time to talk about the unspoken audience for a live-action Cats, and that's the contingent of furries or soon-to-be discovered furries. I was wondering before if the filmmakers would be cognizant of the unorthodox appeal of their film production to a certain select group of audience members, and I am here to say they are completely aware and play into this. There's a musical number where Taylor Swift sprays catnip (a.k.a. magic horny dust) that drives the cats crazy and they writhe and purr with wild abandon, striking evocative poses with legs raised. There may not be any visible genitals but that doesn't stop Rebel Wilson's character from a joke about neutering. In news reports, Derula has been upset by his phantom phallus in the movie, which is slightly hilarious considering he signed up for this, but it's also indicative of the weirdly sexual vibes the movie is playing around with but at an infantile level of wonder. There is going to be a generation of moviegoers who watch Cats and discover that they are turned on by sexy human versions of animals slinking around, lifting their legs, and rubbing their fuzzy little butts.I was waiting for Cats to end long before it did because so much felt so pointless. The false whimsy was covering ineffective and repetitive storytelling, malnourished and unimportant characters, confusing world building and powers, middling songs (with one sterling exception), and direction that seems to make the whole enterprise feel like a children's cartoon. It's too simple to be intellectually stimulating, too weird and confounding to be whimsical, too sporadic and repetitive to be emotionally involving, and vacillating between complete seriousness and wanton silliness. I'm not even a hater of Hooper when it comes to his idiosyncratic direction of big Broadway musicals. I enjoyed his rendition of Les Miserables and thought several of the artistic choices made the movie better, especially the live singing. With Cats, I don't think there was a possibility of this ever being a good movie as long as it was a faithful adaptation of a not great stage show. However, there were decisions that made this movie much much worse, namely the scary marriage of technology and flesh. If somehow you were a fan of Cats, or somehow consider yourself one as an adult, or a furry, you might find some degree of enchantment. For everyone else, Cats is a cat-astrophe. Sorry.Nate's Grade: D
Terrible. PLEASE never ever watch this movie. The animation is HORRIBLE and there is no plot to this piece of garbage. Im telling you PLEASE for the love of God do NOT and I mean NOT watch this trash. A waste of time and money... not to mention being emotionally scared and scarred for life 
I think if you loved the Broadway production, you'll love this. Unlike many reviewers, I quite liked the plot line and feel it's much more developed than the musical. The added dialogue, the new character, and the new song were all lovely additions. Highly recommended.
This is by far Taylor Swift's best performance in a movie.
What did I just watch? For it not being a horror movie it sure was horrifying. Hope I do not have nightmares tonight. So sad to see 3 great A list actors in this movie.
Hollywood should make more movies like this. Yes the CGI is hard to look at and the singing is poor but you will not have a more satisfying experience at the movies with the right crowd.
It is perhaps the most uncanny, surreal, thing I have ever seen. And that is what made it so utterly beautiful. The extended meditation in music on the sublimity of feline haecceity as a thing rewarded with metempsychosis is just made perfect by the presence of the uncanny valley embraced and beautified amid a surreal dreamscape.They somehow made THE UNCANNY VALLEY beautiful, and I love it.All the T.S. Eliot poetry was a plus (pace Lewis).
A few great scenes mixed into many terrible ones!
Yeah it was weird, but that's the whole point. The musical was weird and the story it's based on was weird, but that's all part of its appeal. If that's not your style, that's fine. But it had good vocals, choreography, and acting. Overall a good movie.
I honestly wish I could get my money back. Almost fell asleep twice, the story or lack thereof was all over the place.Save yourself some time and money.If you have to see it wait until if comes to the streaming services
I'm not really sure who thought the choices made in this film we're good ideas. I feel like I was assaulted.
Its good for what it was
While I understand the adverse reaction from some viewers, I personally had a lot of fun watching the film. It takes about 30-40 minutes to get used to the bizarre visuals, but once you do, it's a joy to watch, especially once the Jellicle Ball begins! The cast does a great job with the source material, and Jennifer Hudson's vocals will leave you with a tear in your eye. It's ridiculous. It's fun. It's a little frightening. And it has a lot of hearts. It's bound to be a cult classic. Go into the movie with an open mind and embrace all of the cat puns.
Music is amazing! So much fun!
it was good. i thought it was going to be better. but still good. song after song though. thats the only reason why i took a star off.
This movie gave me the chills it was so bad and gave me nightmares, this can't be what we have come to.
I was hesitant as the reviews weren't very positive.I loved the movie. The music and dancing was excellent and the costumes were fabulous.Big screen is a must.Don't wait to watch at home!
Jennifer Hudson my God!!! Amazing!!
We left after 25 minutes because we felt extremely uncomfortable and because the musical numbers were not nearly as epic as they looked in the trailers. 0/10. Dont waste your money.
It is so, so easy to distinguish the awesome, extraordinary, fantastic robot-made reviews from the rotten, disgusting, comments of people who actually saw the movie.
It's just bad. Visually dull, musically worn, and overall bland, with just a splash of terrifying.
There will be those who liked the movie and those who will flat out hate this. I saw this with my mom and it was likable. Had all elements from the broadway show with an order that fit the movie. Some of the songs were upgraded to match the actor/singer styles. That should not have been changed. Many of the characters were there and some had more distinctive parts than others. A good adaptation but could have been better in some parts.
I really liked it!I have just read the reviews. I was fine with the CGI fur. I never saw the play, so I don't know what the original choreography was like, but I enjoyed the numbers. The ballerina, FrancesaHayward, that plays Victoria was really wonderful in the lead role.I liked Jennifer Hudson, but I agree that the tears and runny nose while she was singing, were a little too much.I thought it was well cast and well done. It had me in tears on more than one occasion.
genius. greatest film ever made. no i will not elaborate.
it was magical. loved the empathy! glad my child saw this!
Once seen cannot unsee. Absolutely atrocious. If you have the money, spend it on the live performance, not in the movie.
I've enjoyed the production of Cats for decades, having seen it on stage and a taping of the stage version. I feel as though the theatrical version leaves me feeling confused and underwhelmed. The voices aren't spectacular ( though I thoroughly enjoyed Ian Mckellen and Jennifer Hudson), added story elements felt contrived, and the comedic elements were pointless. I was happy to hear familiar songs, but in the end I'll just rewatch the taped version I have at home to satisfy my desire for good theater.
why make a movie of a bad play?? boring!
Perhaps the greatest cat-human hybrid film of all time.
was this supposed to be a comedy? which cat was the main character? why are there 4 plot lines? theres more main character in this movie than there are people in Wyoming. saw this as a joke and the joke was universal thought this was a good idea :) 
Terrible.Just terrible.
This movie is beautiful and entertaining. I loved the CGI/ human combo with the cat's twitching ears and playful tails. The storyline, music, and dancing were wonderful.
Absolutely breathtaking. This film transported me back to my childhood. The cast was amazing, and I was moved to tears. Bravo.
Pros:1.music was good.2.It was a night out with the wife.3.The popcorn was good.Cons:1.Boring.2.Lyrics were extremely difficult to understand....probably only got about 50-75% of them.3.Boring.
Why is this even a movie?! 
This movie was an excellent adaption of the Broadway music which allows anyone to experience the awesome spectacle of Cats. The part about Jennyanydots was disgusting but lasted only 5 minutes. The rest of the movie was excellent! Can't wait to see it again and again.
Only excerpts from the movie made me want to throw up. This is horrible and disgusting.I can't imagine what Universal was thinking...
It's so bad that I almost want you to see it. A truly unique, terrible movie.
There's no plot, it's just songs stuffed together. A weird mess of a film.
Left early. Too many songs not enough story.
This movie isn't meant to be taken seriously, that being said, it's SO. MUCH. FUN. It's a pure delight and I've never loved a movie experience more.

While it's not the greatest film of the year, it's a fascinating watch. The visual effects are actually pulled off pretty well, the songs and dance choreography are pretty good, but the acting and comedic scenes sometimes fall flat on their paws.
Brilliant. I've never liked the musical until watching this film. Tom Hooper made it beautiful, fresh, relevant, and alive. Loved 'Beautiful Ghosts', and hats off to ALL the performers.
I take back what I said on that bad review.
That was the worst movie I've ever seen. The animation was horrible, and the songs were disappointing. It did not compare to the Broadway musical in the least, it was a waste of my time.
To explain this film is impossible.It needs to be seen.Is it as bad as you think it's going to be?Yes.Is it also the greatest thing I've seen this year?Also yes.It's terrible.It's wonderful.It's a haunting CGI Nightmare, but also something you can't tear your eyes off of.I want to see it 12 more times.You haven't lived until you've seen Sir Ian McKellen warming up his Meows.
T. S. Eliot had written a book of verses regarding cats and wrote his publisher the following:"....there might be a part that children wouldn't like and part that adults wouldn't like and part that nobody would like. The mise-en-scne may not please. There seem to be many more ways of going wrong than of going right (to Geoffrey Faber, 6 March 1936) Notice date!"Cats", the Broadway musical, ran for 18 years and 7,485 performances opening in 1982. The previous year it opened London and now, 83 years later, it is on the silver screen. (Do people still call it that?)The first time I saw it on stage I went to the Winter Garden theatre and was interested how they changed the whole theatre into an alley and additionallysparked my interest when you could see the 'cats' roam all over including the back of customer's seats. I didn't really pay attention to the story because there really wasn't any but watching the actors being cats was a joy of its own. It was more of an audition for some individual cats of which one would be chosen for the 'Heaviside Layer' and come back to a new life.The musical score by Andrew Lloyd Webber, using the verses of T.S.Eliot plus some help from Trevor Nunn and Richard Stilgoe, giving the world the song "Memory".Many people hated the show but more, specifically parents, their kids and tourists loved the show eventually making billions of dollars.The movie opened this week and will, too, have some loving it and others hating it but I think the latter will win. I don't fall into either category as I didn't feel one way or the other. Being a huge Jennifer Hudson fan I was anxious to hear/see her deliver "Memory" and she more than makes the song her own. Judi Dench, who was to be in the original production but who had to leave due to a Archilles tendon snapping a week before the show was to open, is here to decide who will go to the Heaviside Layer and Ian McKellen as Asaragus, Gus for short, is a once famous actor and now is old, has cerebral palsy and hopes to 'win' the chance for a new life.Various other cats are played by Idris Elba, Rebel Wilson and James Cordon while Francesca Hayward makes her film debut as Victoria a new cat abandoned by her human owners. There is also an excellent ensemble of professional dancers, many from the Royal Ballet, with choreography by Andy Blankenbuehler.The cat 'outfits' along with the disconcerting CGI effects and the direction by Tom Hopper lacks the charm of the stage productions. Though I am glad I went to see this version of "Cats" I won't recommend it as it is one of the many of less successful Broadway to Hollywood musicals.The movie runs an hour and 50 minutes and is rated R but I didn't hear/see anything that would be offensive for young kids who would probably get involved watched the cats.
DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE! you'll thank me for saving you time and money. First time walking out of a movie before.
Saw this with my wife. It broke my brain.
Was a great movie loved it
It had a lot of interesting things, and I already knew the whole thing.
This movie was great everything from the songs to the story.
The reason I'm giving this movie 5 stars is not because it's good. Its really bad. But it is SO BAD it is actually pretty entertaining to watch. I could not stop laughing this entire film. WOW.
Its actually a jolly good film.Dont listen to critics.Its just like the broadway musical with some minor changes.Its fast movie and very funny in places. Robbie Fairchild and Laurie Davidson are fantastic in their roles.Taylor Swift literally is in the movie a grand total of 6 minutes.My only complain is that the new song Beautiful Ghosts is a bore.Go watch it and experience it for yourself.
Disturbing in SO many ways.69% audience score on RT is just not possible.Something IS rottenthis film and the manufactured scores on this website.Awful film and a horrible miscalculation on the studio's part.
I have seen the broadway show and this was great also. Music of course is great. Francesca Hayward is a wonderful ballet dancer and actor. Loved Rebel and James. Overall very entertaining.
very good movie (musical), but redbox worthy! I could've waited to see this.
If you liked it in the theatre, youll like it in the theater probably. Cats = Cats Well acted, danced, sung including a new number by T-Swift, Beautiful Ghosts Conversely, if you hated it in the theatre, youll hate it here, too. If youve no idea, check it out online first so you are prepared for the strange and fantastical. Several folks around me literally exclaimed out loud when Grizabella (J-Hudson) started belting out Memory. 
Took my teenage granddaughters to see Cats and we all enjoyed it. It may not follow the original playbook exactly, but it's just a different adaptation.
Go watch the actual play, no seriously go. This movie has no plot and worst of all, if you look at their paws in some of the scenes you can notice that the cats cgi paws are actually floating and not touching the ground.
ugh. should have left it on the stage.
Awful Worst theater experience 
this movie was so bad omg
"Cats" is one of the best musicals I've ever seen. The songs are all well-written and well-executed. I would like to give a special "shout out" to Jason Derulo who does an excellent job portraying a very cool cat. I encourage everyone to see "Cats". Brace yourself for a good time!
I absolutely loved this movie.It created a coherent storyline missing in the stage production.The cast is spectacular.Jennifer Hudson was spellbinding,Taylor Swift was a wonderful surprise and, of course, Dame Judy Dench was perfection.I was transported.I will admit there are several particularly English references that American audiences will probably miss and one scene where the camera panned so fast it made me slightly giddy but if you suspend reality and allow yourself to enter the world of Cats you will be amply rewarded.And the music...what can I say?Magnificient.
OMG THIS IS NOT IT. REALLY NOT THE MOVE UNIVERSAL. This movie left me emotionally scarred and I truly needed to cleanse my soul after this catastrophe. The quality, music, and dancing was quite nice. The CGI however, is a different story. It made the cats very creepy and uncomfortable to watch. If you thought the lion king live action was weird, oh boy get ready for a wild ride. The plot was absolutely terrible. I applaud the attempt to make up a plot for a musical that has absolutely no plot, but the plot wasn't interesting at all and didn't go with the songs and there were so many plot holes. Bottom line, Jennifer Hudson was the only good part of this movie. Save your money and see literally anything else.
Love the broadway play but this did not transfer well to screen. The music is good, the singing is good, the actors are famous but it belongs on broadway. 
This movie was just terrible. Literally everything about this movie is terrible. I was tempted to walk out of the movie half way through. I can't believe that anyone voted this pile of garbage higher than 1 star. I waste of your precious time.
Great dancing, singing and cinematography.CGI a tiny bit rough in spots, but a really great job of an old favorite.
My granddaughter really liked it and shes 8. I enjoyed since I truly enjoy musicals. I never preview the critics reviews. Not quite sure what their problem is.
This strayed way too far from the Broadway musical. There are no spoken words and having a new song written by Taylor Swift that had no basis from the T.S. Eliot book was just ridiculous. Plus part of what makes the musical so wonderful are the amazing costumes and this movie version didnt even bother but instead had them generated using CGI.
This is a must see for musical lovers.Taylor Swift's scene was by-far the best moment in the entire musical. Props to her.
This movie was a lot of fun. I have seen the musical twice and the story line of the movie flowed nicely even with some added twist. I really enjoyed the CGI enhancements, especially the ears and tails, as it helped convey more emotion. The lead character, Victoria, is amazingly graceful and has a deeply moving voice. The camera movement was annoying at times and it seemed that they often had trouble keeping the main part of the scene in the frame. I will watch it again over the holidays for sure.
Despite the Negative Reviews, Cats was a Marvelous Screen Interpretation of the B'Way Show. The debut of Francesca Hayward, Principal dancer Royal Ballet was worthy. Jennifer Hudson's Rendition of Memories was Hauntingly Beautiful! All in all the movie is worthy of all the Buzz! Highly recommend! Reviews are one person's opinion! Loved it!
This movie is just uncomfortable.
First, the cast was outstanding. Second, the movie is based on a poem, it's a musical and it's art. Not everyone will get it, but I did and I loved it. By the way, I saw the original play in London over 30 years ago. Give this movie a chance.
An absolute waste of money and time.Creepy
Could have been so much better. I love musicals but this one not so much. Jennifer Hudson was the highlight of the entire movie. Dont believe the hype and waste your money like I did.Watch it when it comes out on Netflix.
Critics live to criticize. The movie was entertaining.It's not an existential exploration of the feline mind as seeming critics wanted...
CatAstTrophey for worst meowvie in Hissssstory
The beginning was terrible, but after about 25 minutes, they did away with the horrible cgi dancing, and the arrangements were better, and a couple of numbers can evan be described as good. It was better than Nine.
Wonderful production
There are some great moments spread throughout it for any Cats fan, I dont recommend this movie for someone who hasnt seen the original musical or at least listened to some of the songs first to see if they liked them. I recommend hopping on YouTube and researching the songs and what Cats is about before spending your money to watch since I feel it is a very niche movie
I'm getting nightmares
It told a beautiful story about an abandoned cat through sing and dance.
J.J. had the difficult task of salvaging a trilogy that obviously was not based on a strong roadmap and was desecrated by The Last Jedi while having to deliver a satisfying finale to the 42 year old modern mythology.In that sense this movie is commendable. But Star Wars was not salvaged and will forever suffer from not having lived to its full potential-one worthy of the masterful original trilogy.
Cats The Musical is a film that is told almost entirely through song and dance. I went in not knowing what to expect, however having now seen the movie, I am baffled as to why so many reviewers did not understand the concept of this film. Is it because they are uneducated? or because they were too distracted by the CGI to pay attention? I don't know. Yes, while the cgi is a little strange at times, I think it was done this way to accurately show the movements of dance. I have not seen the musical on stage either but you do not need to. If you listen to the lyrics when each character is introduced then the plot is clear.I think this film is worth seeing to form your own opinions, particularly if you enjoy musical theatre. Some people can be too critical for their own good as "Cats" is far from as terrible as it has been made out to be.
I really enjoyed the movie but I am a cat and dance lover, especially ballet. I, also, love all of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals. I found Francesca Hayward to be absolutely exquisite. Judi Dench and James Corden were delightful. The song that Taylor Swift and Webber wrote for Victoria/White Cat was beautiful. I will be seeing it again.
i feel like now is the time to claw my eyes out. i would've rathered shooting myself in the head than watch this movie.
If you love breath-taking ballet and incredible singing combined with creative and innovative direction and design you will love this film.Musical lovers will appreciate this highest quality performance of a classic show with the benefits of technological enhancements theatre can't deliver.I would have liked the film to end with a version of a "curtain-call" with images of the cast to reproduce a sense of the magic of musical theatre and its stars
I thought this was truly amazing - but I'm equally baffled that I might be the Only Person in the World Who Thinks That. I loved it: breathes life into an actually pretty clunky musical; reminds us how great avant garde theatre was; and all the digital work just shifts everything a tiny fraction to make you believe Jelicat is a whole other world... Took my breath away, even cried a tiny bit...
Cats is an amazing movie, y'all just hate it for clout because social media and critics tell you to. Go watch this masterpiece with your friends or family and after that you'll realize that its very worth it!
It was a brilliant poem about cats, turned into an interesting play about cats, turned into a HOLLYWOOD BOMB ABOUT A BUNCH OF ACTIRS FIGHTING FOR THE SPOT LIGHT DRESSED IN CAT OUTFITS.
Walked out after 45 minutes, what a waste of my time going to see this loser.
My wife and I saw a screening at Universal this week.It was very well organized and the host Universal provided popcorn, bottled water and diet cola.We were in theater #1 with the huge electric recliner seats.I admit that I made strategic error by drinking the diet cola because the caffeine made it so that I was unable to sleep through the movie.Part of the reason I went was because my wife and I are cat lovers.Let's just say that after sitting through this barker we may switch to dogs.Sure, there were a couple of catchy tunes, including the "big one" that was a hit, but in the main, the movie was a bunch of unintelligible equine fecal matter.I'm no expert, but this bomb will be pulled from theaters by the scruff of its neck quicker than a cat catching a mouse.
Disaster. Wish I could unsee it, but I cant. 
This movie is complete garbage. Literally there is absolutely no storyline whats so ever. Its literally song after song. The story is a bunch of homeless cats singing for some stupid eternal cat transformation. Literally one of the worst movies of all time. The cost is production is way more then what this movie is going to make. Pointless movie. This movie shouldve stayed on broadway. The commercial is very deceiving. Its complete trash and I want my money back.
If you loved Cats since the 80s, you'll love the movie. The vast majority of the young critics don't know Cats the Broadway play, nor T.S. Elliott and the nonsensical rhymes of said author. Tom Hooper accomplished the feat of taking Broadway to the Big Screen. Francesca Hayward was simply mesmerizing, and Jennifer Hudson nailed the key featured song, "Memory"...beautiful. The only slight negative was Rebel Wilson, who even in cat costume was, well Rebel Wilson. Taylor Swift translates extremely well into a Cat and Idris Elba is, as always, amazing. If you've been to the Broadway play, I highly recommend seeing the movie - its magic.
I really enjoyed the movie, the choreography and the musical arrangement of the songs is amazing, just as I would expect in a musical and more. I heard some complain about the cgi but in the play, they wear cat costumes and I can't see any better way they could have done the cgi. I am a dog person and after watching this, I would want to adopt a cat. Overall, it is what I expected in a musical and more
First, let me say that I am very familiar with the musical Cats, having seen a stage production of the original touring company way, way back. I am also familiar with Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats upon which both the musical and movie are based. I'm also a huge musical theatre geek, and a genuine cat lady. That being said, I thought this movie was a whimsical, colorful, and playful adaptation of the musical. I loved the sets, I loved the CGI rendered fur, I loved how each cat was unique, I loved the performances of Jennifer Hudson (Grizabella,) Sir Ian McKellen (Gus the Theatre Cat,) and Dame Judi Dench (Old Deuteronomy,) the best. I liked the sinister portrayal of Macavity by Idris Elba. Loved the dancing cockroaches, too! Some of the other performances were a bit uneven, Francesca Hayward was fantastic as a dancer, but her vocals were a bit weak, especially on the lovely ballad Beautiful Ghosts, which was added for the film. The song came off a bit awkward, even though the theme of it fit the scene. One other thing that bothered me, was the repeated tight focus on one character during group dance scenes. I wanted to see ALL the cats prancing and writhing, not blurry blobs in the background while the main character did their thing. Also, poor Rum Tum Tugger was apparently not just neutered, he was castrated, gone are his overly energetic gyrations that should have elicited more than just "mews" from the kitty groupies. All in all, I enjoyed the film, and an added bonus is I saw it the same day The Rise of Skywalker opened, so the theater was almost totally empty. See it while you can, I have a feeling this film will disappear faster than Macavity pulls his vanishing act.
Top 10 worse movies I have seen this entire year. What was the plot!? This movie is absolutely awful, terrible, sanitation. AWFUL!
I think they improved on the overarching story and although the cgi is jarring at first you get used to it as it moves along.
Amazing movie would definitely recommend
I'm not sure what the critics were watching.This movie did an excellent job of capturing the magic of the Andrew Lloyd Weber musical.If you're a fan of the musical or have a good imagination and enjoy a fun journey go see this film.I would love Hollywood to make more movies like this rather than churning out another cookie cutter super hero movie or retelling or making another trilogy that tells the same story of the original.It's nice to see an original movie and a director that knows how to have fun.Dame Judi Dench was excellent as Old Deuteronomy.The entire cast did a wonderful job.
All the songs were butchered in this movie. Only see this on Broadway. Taylor Swift was excellent... she was the only highlight. So disappointed in this movie.
Just terrible. No more
I adored the adaptation from the original. those that didnt enjoy it most likely have never been a fan of theatrical arts.
This movie was so Disgusting that it made my eyes burn. And that the designs are A Nightmare. Parents, don't take your kids and teens to see this Movie. It will give you Nightmares.
It was so riveting.The choreography was amazing.I wanted to see the play in New York when it first came out years ago, but there was a 2 yr. wait to see it.I was thoroughlymesmerized by the movie.The cats almost looked real in the way their tails and ears moved depending what they were saying or doing.Amazing production.
Cat furries sing and dance about being cats. The cats are a metaphor for cats!
Enjoyed it!Wish the critics hadn't dragged the litter box
Not a single real dancer or singer in the cast. That should tell you everything. Broadway has more talent. It takes a real beast of a performer to pull of the physicality of these roles. Not just a name. The physicality of the performers is what made this musical legendary on stage. The original stage cast were beasts. This movies cast are just hobbyist at musical theater. Nourished by CGI.
I was excited to see it but this was pretty darn bad...I actually considered leaving early a few times but I figured it had to get better.....I was wrong.
I wish I hadn't seen this movie. humans did not come across as cats. the scale and setting was strange. Movie didn't always flow well. End scene did not make much sense. Taylor Swift and James Corden did not have great performances.
I really enjoyed the movie. Critics are so dramatic. If you know the musical its literally the musical as a movie with very small changes. Tom Hooper really knows how to translate a classic beloved musical to the big screen!! Everyone did great. James cordon was funny. Jason Derulio is perfect for Rum Tug Tugger. Ian Mckellen stole my heart as Gus. Judi Dench was a sweet Old Deuteronomy. Rebel Wilson fit Jennyanydot. Francesca was AMAZING as Victoria she was the perfect choice. Idris Elba was great as Macavity. Taylor Swift was phenomenal and performed Macavity purrfectly. AND the CGI is really cool and NOT CREEPY. Everyone acted really well and sang and danced beautifully. All and all of you are familiar with the classic musical you will like it!
Those who don't appreciate this film did not appreciate the original stage show. My only criticism of the show is that the producers changed the tune of one of the show's best numbers, Mungo Jerry and Rumpleteaser. Otherwise, it is a fine adaptation and done about as well as could be expected.
The film shows how to destroy a legacy in 120 minutes. For me catastrophic visual experience. Golden Raspberry Awards we have visits. Make them feel comfortable
Great adaptation of the musical!
I think this was a wonderful cinematic adaptation of the 1981 Broadway musical. The CGI fur was definitely a new experience, and I'm not sure I'm way there for it, but my biggest complaint is actually with how close the camera was that it focused on CGI elements over background dancing. (which I personally enjoy just as much as music in my musicals).Look, if you don't like musicals, you're probably not going to enjoy this film. Save yourself some money. However, if you did like the original Broadway play, I would suggest seeing it.Also Jennifer Hudson's rendition of 'Memory' is completely beautiful, and I'd probably watch it again if only to see it.
I really enjoyed this movie it was light and fun. I loved the ballerina who played Victoria and all the cast looked like they were having fun.
I prefer putting a fork in my eyes. This movie is unwatchable.
Qu hiciste Hooper? Dime que te obligaron a filmar esto. Luego de semejantes obras como "Les Misrables" y "The King's speech".... en fin...
The human characteristics made this very creepy and not embody the essence of "cats"...also could have done without the dancing.
It's a great and emotional movie! Taylor Swifts part was incredible! I saw on Instagram arianators making petitions to come give it rotten tomatoes because they don't like Taylor for god knows what reasons but it's a great film!
Only retards will give this movie anything but the lowest possible score ever. It is disappointing on every level and even more disappointing is the fact that so many names have acted' in the sewer of movie gutter filth.
The worse movie Ive ever seen. Its a good thing I didnt have to pay for the ticket. 
Y'ever pass on a movie because it had a porta-potty overflowing with bad reviews? Then later, for whatever reason you take a chance on renting it from Redbox or watching it on some cable channel or streaming service just to see if it was really as gawd awful as the reviews. Then halfway in you're still waiting for the movie to suck as much as the reviews declared and then at the end of the movie you're a little confused. You thought this movie was supposed to suck total b*lls and could possibly become a cult / bad movie like "Showgirls". Imagine my disappointment when I came to the conclusion that this was actually a good and entertaining movie.
If Dante had seen "Cats" he would have included a Tenth Circle of Hell. The songs are fine, if that's what you're seeing the film for. But, the motion-caption effects of the actors as cats is nightmarish. Even worst, watching these cats all acting horny with their tails twitching around gave me the creeps. Is this what a Furry Convention looks like? The film is boring, it lacks a narrative.
